

[Gucci Mane:]
Yea mutherfucker we got big cat in this mutherfucker laflare nigga guccie mane
The mutherfuckin gotto nigga its a wrap then the whole industry we got this shit in the fuckin
Head lock 

[Big Cat:]
Yea guccie we fuckin this niggas up

[Gucci Mane:]
Cat we doin more than fuckin this niggas up we fuckin this niggas hoes we got
More ice than this niggas we got mo money than this niggas we independent we making major
Niggas tuck they chain in haaa haaa haa 

[Big Cat:]
I love it make this fuck niggas tuck they chain in gucci you know how we do baby

[Gucci Mane:]
I want to tell you ahhh my nigga just bought me a jacob right that bitch cost bout 
60 right that bitch got yellow blue in green stones in it yall bitches get yall weight up out there



In the Trap house, In The Trap House, In The Trap House
Gucci Mane Check It

[Hook]
Choppa on the floor pistol on the coach
Hood rich so I never had a bank account
Junkies going in junkies going out
Made a hundred tho (usand) In My Trap House
Money kinda short but we can work it out
Made a hundred tho (usand) In My Trap House
Bricks going in, Bricks going out
Made a hundred tho (usand) In My Trap House

I'm tired of selling bricks I wanna go legit
I wonder can I sell 11 mill like 50 Cent
Cause platinum ain't enough I got too many vices
I love to smoke weed love to shoot dices
Say my life style extravagant I talk cash shit
Bitches say I'm arrogant well god damn Gucci cockie then
But at the same time young hoes be jocking slim
Gucci ain't shit, Bitch I beg your pardon
I'm independent but I'm balling like a major artist
I stay high like giraffe pussy In My Trap House
Smokin' rubber cushie

[Hook]

Jumped out the whip everybody looking
Big clouds of smoke but ain't nobody cooking
(females) (Girl their go Gucci Mane
I want his autograph 'cause I'm his biggest fan)
Yellow hummvie with the yellow feet
Yellow diamonds the same color as chedda cheese
And I'm smoking on that purple shit
They call me temp service 'cause I'll work a bitch
Money long like Shaq feet
Running dough like a sprinter at a track meet
I heard he got that soft white
Extended clips make them busters get they mind right

[Hook]

In my trap house watchin Sports Center
In the kitchen cooking but I ain't cooking dinner
Splash it with the water whip it make it harder
17 for 'em the same number as Qunice Carter
Say I'm working with wit a mill or better
Married to the game me and ?? live together
Street smart niggah never listen to the teacher
You can catch me in the bathroom smoking reefer
Prices low like Wal-Mart
Bricks on I-9 get ya shopping cart
Knee deep in the dope game
I'm not a farmer but I'm known to push them collard greens

[Hook]



[Chorus]
In the club tryin to find me a bad ass broad
Gave her five for the pussy then I took her to the mall
That's all babygirl thats all
18 for the whole nine five for the half 
Came up in the hood sellin fifty dollar slabs
Thats all playboy thats all

[Verse]
When them bottles start poppin girls start jockin 
The girl so fine that I took the chick shoppin
Dueces on the old school smokin on the dro fool
Know that its a hit, my voice done hit the tool
Gucci mane frank nitty got it like 
That never seen a chick wit a body like that 
Shawty actin feisty too damn sheisty
Get wit Gucci mane baby u be so icy 
Can't lie baby girl you fine as hell
Will I hit it in the first date time will tell 
Baby says she like the way the top drop back
Never thought my home boy girl a jock like that 
40 on the braclet back to basic
A mill worth of ice in these playa haters faces
A mill worth of ice in Gucci mane good gracious
Got a slick flow and I think its contagious

[Chorus]

[Verse]
I ain't wit that flexin cat he investing
Tell htese playa haters to check my bds benz
Like Yao Ming man my money staked tall
I deal for half a mill nigga thats all
See a broad Gucci mane ill buy
The same dude u shop wit im his supplier

Gucci Gucci Gucci yours truly thats me
Hood rich or cocky I just might be 
Wit my chain so bright Ray charles might see
More ice on me than a game of hockey
If you want a mean dick you can ride my six
Suck a good dick then ill get your hair fixed 
Gucci brake bricks down used to sell fifties
Watch on my wrist man it cost a buck fifty
King of the city Gucciman Frank nitty 
Ill gives a bitch a dove if she let me touch her tities

[Chorus]

Gucci mane make you look lke you posed to look 
Gucci shoesGucci fit and a pocket book 
Let you party like a rock star, ride in boxcar
Have you gainin weight everyday eatin lobster
All your friends invited so u can bring a partner
Gucci in the hood sellin weed like a docter
Fifty dollar slab to a trunk full of holes
Never at the house cause im always doing shows 
Teamed up with big cat now they want to chit chat
Role to crash raod, flat shoals represent that
Gucci in the booth and my flows crazy 
Is it hot in here nigga or its just me
Have you at south beach fallin of Jet Ski
Smokin purple weed under shade of palm trees 
In Biloxi we could spend a hundred gees 
Ill play the crap table you get the slot machine

[Chorus]



[Chorus] 
Put on your booty shorts 
Ooh, I really like the sexy way you walk 
Ooh, I like the way you make your booty talk 
Everytime you put on your booty shorts 
Believe dat girl

[Verse] 
I don't holla at girls girls holla at me 
I don't throw dollars at girls, they throw dollars at me 
Gucci you conceited bitch I might be 
Cause my chain so bright Stevie Wonder might see 
Yea you got a man but ya man ain't me 
Add ya whole life savings times three 
The mouth full of dro and the clothes ain't free 
So you gotta be a dimepiece to approach me 
How much 'unh can one girl take 
How many cakes can one man bake 
Playa on the real man I don't know 
I just love it when they fresh and they ass cheeks show 
Everybody stare when I walk in the room 
Smokin on purp got me high like the moon 
Chain front big like its New Year's Eve 
But my Rollie on fire like the first day of June

[Chorus]

[Verse] 
I neva seen a chick wit a body like that 
Gucci Mane Lil Flap bitch I got it like that 
Stuntin in the club wit my nigga Big Kap 
Made the waitress come back wit 20 mo' stacks 
Iced out chain got a iced out grill 
Independent I ain't got no deal 
Hood rich bitch do ya know the feelin? 
My watch worth damn near a quarter million 
Shawty got some shorts on oh, so small 
Say she like me cause my rims real tall 
If you want work bitch you can call us 
You in big wheels baby we some ballers 
Money ain't a thang to the boy Gucci Mane 
Old school Chevy same color cocaine 
Ridin through the hood throwin money out the brain 
And I'm lookin for the girls wit the booty shorts mane

[Chorus]

[Verse] 
Candy Escalade 26 inch blades 
Throw back money from back in eighth grade 
Ya dancin in the club so I know ya get paid 
But I betcha you'd look betta wit these microbraids 
Girls in the club like dat there stank 
Showin off three or four rubberband banks 
Me and HB keep a big bankroll pulled up in a Hemi wit the Lambo Doors 
Me and yo chick in a red corvette 
I neva had shit nigga what ya expect 
Neva seen a young man paint so wet hood rich and my album ain't even dropped yet 
You'll neva see a man wit a watch like mine 
Face real pretty and a body real fine 
When we get home I'm a break her spine 
Get in her ear and corrupt her mind



I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy, I'm icy 

[Chorus:]
All these girls excited 
Oooo ya know they like it 
I'm so icy, so icy 
Girl don't try to fight it 
All yo friends invited 
I'm so icy, so icy 

[1st Verse: Young Jeezy]
Got a house around my neck, and my wrist on chill 
Any given time, 250 in ya grill (a quarter million?) 
All I do is talk shit, u can even add a couple grand for my outfit 
U betta act like ya know man, in my hood they call me Jeezy da Snowman 
Ya get it? Get it? Jeezy da Snowman 
I'm iced out, plus I got snow, man 
Let it marinate, y'all niggaz is slow man (slow man) 
(Man what the fuck y'all...yo dumb ass) 
I used to get nineteen for a beat 
Call me Ginuwine, the same 'ol G ('ol G) 
I'm da shit biiiaaattch, I need toilet paper (daaaaaayyuum!) 
And some air freshener nigga, fuck a hata 
These niggaz don't like me 
I'm wit da Gucci Mane and I'm so icy 

[Chorus]

[2nd Verse: Gucci Mane]
She diggin my fit, she think I'm da shit 
Is this a chain on my neck, or the watch in my wrist 
Maybe the ice in my ear, or my bracelet 
But she look like the type that could take a dick 
Young Gucci Mane, don't kiss me baby u can kiss my chain 
Ya gotta be a dime piece, 
just to look at the rocks in my time piece 
I come through in a drop top Jag, or Old-School Chevy 
wit da antique tags 
My pockets so heavy that I can't walk steady 
Niggaz coppin ice we done done it already 
Got a gold grill but it's not from Eddie 
I ride big Chevys cuza nigga ain't petty 
I'm icy, so muthafuckin snowed up, lil kids wanna 
be like Gucci when they grow up 
Me, jeezy and Boo 
We ain't hatin pussy nigga 'gon and do what u do 
Cuz we icy, so icy, we icy, so icy 

[Chorus]

[3rd Verse: Boo]
I'm hoppin out the range wit da seats piped out 
You can still see my chain even when da lights out 
Cuz dat's how monsters do it 
Spit a lil game give 'em that flosser music 
I'm da man from da C.H.I. 
These lames runnin 'round thinkin they so fly 
Got a lil buzz but Boo been too high 
I'm pullin hoes in da club and I don't even try 
I guess when she glance at my wrist, she wanna get my dick 
I tell her holla at Jeezy if ya wanna pop Cris 
Get at Gucci Mane cuz he on some lil shit 
And you know I'm in da cut, grippin my 4/5 
Like let a nigga trip, naw we ain't runnin 
We just takin all ya chicks, buyin drinks gettin blunted 
Groupies, show you how to do this son 
We throwin out hundreds while you savin them ones 

[Hook:]
I got so many rocks, on my chain and watch 
I know I'm da shit, my chain hang down to my dick 
I know I'm da bomb, just look at my charms 
I know I'm da shit, my chain hang down to my dick 

[Chorus]

I'm so icy 
Look at my charms 
My...chain...hang...down...to my dick



Gucci mane
Two Thangs
Trap House

Gucci Mane in da building (Gucci, Gucci)
Laflare, Big Kat (Laflare)
Say we got it like that (like that)
Everythang don't mean two thangs, watch this

[Hook]

Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use might mean two thangs [Repeat 3x]

Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use dont mean two thangs

Uhhhhh...

It ain't the way its da principle (uhh)
What kind of student make mo money than da principal
And I never made da Honor Roll (uhh)
But I'm in the lunch line with a honor Roll
U pumpin' iron in da weight room (uhh)
I'm on da grind got a nine in da weight room
And I never play softball (uhh)
But I always kept da hard and da soft balls
U doin math on da calculator (uhh)
I'm weighin slabs doin math on a calculator
And I ain't tryna to write no essays (uhh)
I'm tryna to get a hundred pounds for my eses
U tryna learn how ta speak spanish (uhh)
But my connect tryna teach me ta speak spanish
And U a monitor in da hallway (uhh)
I'm allday on da grind wit a 4-way

[Hook]

Uhh....

U da one who won da Spelling Bee (uhh)
I'm da first 3rd grader wit a felony
And I never was a teacher's pet (uhh)
I'm da one who went and stole da teacher's cigarettes
And I never went on field trips (uhh)
I'm at Walter's tryna buy me some stash slips
And I always been cut throat (uhh)
15 takin' big niggas starter coats
Laflare entertainment by myself (uhh)
But I used to have a high right, low left
Gettin' money by da truck loads (uhh)
Rollin up Big Fat el productos
Before I drank V.S.O.P. Remy
I used to drank that MD 22
Woodgrain and reverse 8's (uhh)
Box Chevy trunk soudin' like a earthquake

[Hook]

Uhhhh....

I gotta give it to U raw man (uhh)
Cause I still keep a trunk full of raw
I'm a nigga from da block man (uhh)
In da club puttin down wit da block man
U probably gotta worka 9 to 5 (uhh)
I'm on da grind wit da nines for da 55
Bitch U a half of a 12 (uhh)
Low Key bucket tryna duck 12's
So what's up wit dem T-shirts (uhh)
I got a T-shirt tuck under my T-shirt
Better watch yo fuckin' tone man (uhh)
Cuz U know Gucci keep a tone man

[Hook]

Uhhh...



We gon do it like this yall
We gon do it like that yall
We gon do it like this yall (put yo [?] in the club)
We gon do it like that yall (why nitti on the track)

All the money don't matter to me (to me)
And all the ice don't matter to me (to me)
Your girlfriends don't matter to me (to me)
Any nigga don't matter to me (ayyy)
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see (badest chick I ever see)
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen (needs a queen)

The way you walk is, so sexy
The way you talk is, so sexy
The way you move is, so sexy 
Everything about you girl (everything about you girl)
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three

I keep ya icy (so icy)
I have ya supa fresh (so fresh)
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress

Lately in love with me 
I'm in light wood
The game me so head
I spit one night worth
Keep a college girl past her curfew
Says she like me and she like her too
Get a bitch suck a dick what she gon do?
Point at the house had ta point it on you
Tell your girlfriend & your best friend too
You can bring a whole dorm and they can have some fun too

All the money don't matter to me (to me)
And all the ice don't matter to me (to me)
Your girlfriends don't matter to me (to me)
Any nigga don't matter to me (ayy)
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see (badest chick I ever see)
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen (needs a queen)

The way you walk is, so sexy
The way you talk is, so sexy
The way you move is, so sexy 
Everything about you girl (everything about you girl)
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three

I keep ya icy (so icy)
I have ya supa fresh (so fresh)
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress

A pretty young thang in some applebottom jeans
Gold tooth man [?] for the gucci man team
Says she like the way my gold grill gleam
And my chain hang low down to 
Down to my ding a ling

Gotta bad yellow thang down at the AU 
[?] her she my girl
But the shit ain't true
I give a bitch the world but
She don't know what to do
Parasuca [?] office icey fresh hair dos.

All the money don't matter to me (to me)
And all the ice don't matter to me (to me)
Your girlfriends don't matter to me (to me)
Any nigga don't matter to me (ayyy)
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see (badest chick I ever see)
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen (needs a queen)

The way you walk is, so sexy
The way you talk is, so sexy
The way you move is, so sexy 
Everything about you girl (everything about you girl)

[Torica:]
We hit the louie shop
Cuz all we do is shop
Shut down the parking lot
When we jumped out the truck
Jeans and a halter top
They askin what my name
Money don't matter
Tourgad [?] and gucci mane

Ima watch you through the hood on the 26's
Buy you a braclete real expensive
Gucci only holler at the baddest bitches
Love they way a boss bitch handle her business
Gucci mane [?]
Fly down the street with my [?]
Gotta move the blow but its on the d-low
Thats what they made the train and the greyhound for

All the money don't matter to me (to me)
And all the ice don't matter to me (to me)
Your girlfriends don't matter to me (to me)
Any nigga don't matter to me (ayyy)
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see (badest chick I ever see)
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen (needs a queen)

The way you walk is, so sexy
The way you talk is, so sexy
The way you move is, so sexy 
Everything about you girl (everything about you girl)



[Chorus:]
East atlanta zone 6 that's my hood that's my hood nigga that's my hood
Glenwood to Gresham road
that's my hood that's my hood nigga that's my hood
Boulder Crest to Flat Shoals nigga
that's my hood that's my hood nigga that's my hood I can't forget Chandler Road that's my hood that's my hood nigga that's my hood (uhh)

Gangsta bidding everybody coppin niggas walking out wit bags like they goin shoppin im on tha playstation playin grand thief I had a 100 bricks I got 3 left shootin c lows middle of tha day I bet a 100 grand da nigga iced away 5:45 in tha afternoon 98 degrees and it's tha 1st of june niggas goin in niggas gettin out everybody strap and they griped out 12:00 on tha dot midnight bet 50 grand on a pit fight 6:43 and im wakin up cookin cocine and it's cakin up 9:00 on da dot rush hour first you get the money then you get the power

[Chorus]

Money real dirty 9:30 got a trap to catch fo a quater birdy 10:45 quater to 11 ak 47 and a mac 11 1:17 my trap bunkin if you from tha hood then you sellin sumthing 2:22 time to cook a deuce fo my lil partner I call his ass tha truth 3:34 time to swing tha doe 9600 fo a pound of dro 4:46 trunk fulla bricks can't stop trappin til im futhy rich dropped out of skool 1998 bought a box chevy and a half of cake 2k3 hit a lic 100 pounds of weed 50 bricks

[Chorus]

Age 13 im trap star paid a 50 slab fo a junky car skool til in but im at home standing on tha corner wit sum uazone turned 15 im trapped out bet a 100 dollars just to crap out 17 now and im on tha grind neva stand in line at tha 55 dime 19 years blood sweated tears sellin innertubes like good year 21 now im a grown up so wen you call my phone it's a zone up age 25 and it's gettin worst 18.5 fo a hookit verse fo I turn 30 I b 30 plus swimmin in tha bucs like scu by duck

[Chorus]



[Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X]
Don't let yo' mouth write a check that yo' ass can't cash
I'm the lawnmower man and yo' ass is grass

Gucci Mane make a nigga wear a shit bag
Actin bad like a kid at Six Flags
I'll send some slugs at yo' bitch ass
In my hood ain't no love for yo' bitch ass
Fifty pounds in the trash bag
Anybody move then that nigga gettin blast at
Hit a lick for 'bout fifty stacks
Niggaz trippin talkin 'bout Gucci bring the money back
Half a brick and I'm breakin that
I'm in the trap where the junkies at
I'm gettin fat, fuck a jumpin jack
Zay' drop a track the whole industry be jockin that
I'll put a hole in your stocking cap
Work ya like a bitch at the Body Tap
I stay strapped, blow you off the map
Niggaz hate behind my back, but when they see me give me dap

[Chorus]

Uhhhh...
I'm from the hood I'll punch your lights out
I took your jewelry, now I'm iced out (icy icy)
Gucci Mane got that 'caine in
I swear I never tuck my chain in
You just a thug gettin traded
I'm a thug entertainin
Really I'm a street nigga
That chopper on the seat, nigga
All ready for that beef, nigga
Yo, Gucci gotta eat, nigga
I guess I'll see you when I see you nigga
I wouldn't wanna be you nigga
Now ain't that like a nigga
Tryin to sound like a nigga
A lover not a fighter nigga
But let me see yo' lighter nigga

[Chorus]

You see the bracelet on my arm, my necklace, my charm
I'm dangerous and armed with grenades and bombs
Y'all done slumped out with tons of ones
In tha club puttin on like "I'm Dapper Don"
Yours truly, young Gucci all I do is hustle hard
Never had credit but used my 2000 Mastercard
Grimy and gritty, hotter than cookin with lard
Gucci Mane on the block again and I'm cookin ya boys
It's that grown man shit, nigga bring all the toys
When I snap they'll have to call the lieutenant and sarge
Bring the whole entourage, see she thinkin you hard
And watch how quick I load the chopper bullets you gotta dodge
Uhhh... Gucci Mane on the track nigga
Zaytoven on the track nigga
Big Cat, Laflare nigga
I'm the lawnmower man, nigga

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Gucci Mane (Gucci Mane)
Big Cat, Laflare (Big Cat, Laflare)
Let's get it (let's get it)

[Chorus]
Half a brick in a pyrex pot
Trying to make me a dope boy knot
Two pounds and I'm like real big
Stacking double see the nigga so big
I got to get it, got to get it, got to run my money up
Got to get it, got to get it, got to run my money up [3X]

Uh! I'm going on a Trap-A-Thon
Gucci Mane like Gotti I'm the Dapper Don
Uh! Hundred G's in my Gucci bag
So if you look at me wrong I'ma do yo' ass
Uh, Gucci Mane, I'm the bread and butter
Run trap, sell crack, nigga spread your hustle
Uh, pockets fatter than Oprah Winfrey
Gucci Mane I'm the baller of the fucking century
Uh, iced out like Babe an' them
I can sell mo' records than Shade an' them
Uh, Gucci Mane you're a cocky fella
I make it rain so you better get you umbrella
Uh, and my watch is on another level
Clusters of diamonds and they bunched together
Uh, why you talking so much shit?
Yo bitch, cause I'm so rich

[Chorus]

Okay somethin white like Michael Jackson
Bust the shit out the rubber then I start to trappin
Gucci Mane got the lone ticket
Run stack for the midget nigga fuck with me, uh
Shawty say he short a couple stacks
The diamond chain on my neck is doing jumping jacks, uh
Yo' money short like Spud Webb
Bend down nigga broke nigga need help, uh
My money talking like Dikembe
Gucci Mane I make a Friday out of Wednesday, uh
Mo dough than CVS
Still making moves, thuggin with S-Y-S, uh
All my shows better be whippin up
J's keep the ash scrubs when we pick it up, uh
And me and Cad in a Hum-Vee
Yellow diamonds got me lookin like a bumblebee, uh

[Chorus]

Gucci got a plug, for the square face
Got them quarter ki's, I call 'em chicken wangs
Got the gangster peas, I call 'em collard greens
We got them ex pills, we call 'em skitters mayne
Gucci on the grind, catch me at the spot
Got some cocaine jumping out the damn pot
Get some cool water, it's too damn hot
All I want for Christmas is the dopeman knot
Hustle harder, be smarter
We gonna eat when I bring it out the water
36 O's, for the 17
Five for the drive, 17-5



[Chorus: Gucci Mane (Lil Scrappy) 2x] 
I rob in my black tee 
Hit licks in my black tee 
All in ya house searchin for bricks in my black tee (Crank It) 
I kill in my black tee 
I steal in my black tee 
Im real so I gotta keep it trill in my black tee (O-kay-kay-kay) 

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane] 
You can catch me all in a nigga house wit a black tee 
Gucci Mane, lil flair got a million dollar mouthpiece 
Black Tee, black rag, even got a black mask 
Leavin out ya house, thirty pounds in my book bag 
Black 'lac, black tag, fin' to hit a lick again 
You a head bussa put yo hand wit yo fist den 
Franchise hate me, probly wanna kill me 
Remixed it wit Scrappy and now the hood feel me 
Fresh on the scene wit the all black shirt 
Gucci so gutta he'll steal money out ya purse 
Lay up in ya yard, rob ya when ya go to church 
Ya love white tees now ya face on the shirt 
Black tee, black beat, trappin on the front street 
Got a black pistol grip pump on the seat 
Black tee, O.G., nigga don't approach me 
Bubble gum wappin ass niggaz can't smoke me 

[Verse 2: Bun B] 
It's Bun B in his black tee & G in his black tee 
Reppin UGK and BAT in his black tee 
Pimp in his black tee, mack in his black tee 
Free Pimp C on the back of his black tee 
Gucci chain swangin on the front of his black tee 
Cadillac swangin, smokin blunts in his black tee 
Stunt in his black tee, Ball in his black tee 
It ain jus me pimpin we all got a black tee 

[Verse 3: Young Jeezy] 
And I got a 1-2 Bun 
Got 36 O's for the 2-1 
Jeezy bout them green guys 
Got H-town goin for the ten or fives 
Im talkin cornflakes 
Got inner tubes wrapped in black duck tape 
Say it again dawg to make sure that ya heard me 
Got my four-x black tee up under my jersey 

[Chorus] 

[Verse 4: Killer Mike] 
I got the all black Chevy on all black rims 
Keep a small black gat in my all black Tims 
On the all-black leather there's a all-black mack 
Tryin to snatch get ya black ass blowed the fuck back 
44 to ya torso 4 in ya hat 
Kick doja to ya house n put it to a cataract 
Gorillas wit banana clips goin monkey in the back 
They'll put yo ass in that black box, laid out flat 

[Verse 5: Jody Breeze] 
Look I slang in my white but I bang in my black tee 
Gucci on the front, Jody Breeze on the back street 
Chillin by a black Cadillac on sum black feet 
Scrappy in a Chevy watchin Scarface on the flat screen 
Told yall constantly, ride wit the pump wit me 
Yup in my black tee, wit the nine underneath 
I aint gotta keep tellin yall niggaz ima G 
Ima just cock back and leave sum blood on ya teeth 

[Chorus] 

[Verse 6: 4-Tre] 
Im s-stainless in my black tee 
Remainin in my black tee 
On the grind cause I like to shine in my black tee 
Diamond glistenin cross plus the background is a black tee 
Thieve then come back sprayin rounds in my black tee 
4-Tre, I want war in my black tee 
Fuck them, probly neva wore a black tee 
Workin in my black tee, smokin purple in my black tee 
Im lookin for twelve all out yo curtain in my black tee 

[Verse 7: Lil Scrappy] 
Fuck a white tee, I got my black tee and vest on 
Fuck a sturdy shot, I'm goin straight for the bread home 
I don't know why yall niggaz dropped move b 
Cause now Raheem'll show ya punk ass a tree 
Bust nuts in my black tee, sluts in my black tee 
Now I'm smokin nothin but blunts in my black tee 
Saw me in Valve then tried to fight me 
Jus the same monkey shawty don't take me lightly 

[Chorus]



[Chorus: repeat 2X]
Corner cuttin, trap shakin
Booty hoppin, you hear that beat knockin
(Is that that beat knockin?) That's that beat knockin
(Is that that beat knockin?) Yeah that's that beat knockin

[Verse 1]
Silverados, sittin on 60's
Lamborghini do's, just for the bitches
(Just for the bitches?) That's for the bitches
(For them witches?) That's for the bitches
Dodge Magnum, paint it platinum
He got to hear me in it, so it's the fast one
(Is that the brass one?) That is the fast one
(That's the brass one) Nah that's the fast one
Bubble eye Hummer, with the chrome grill
Ask your baby mama, how that leather feel
(How the leather feel?) That's how the leather feel
(Yeah how the leather feel?) That's how the leather feel
Brand new 'Vette, with the Calvins
Red and black, same color as the Falcons
(As THE FALCONS?!) As the Falcons
(As THE FALCONS~!) As the Falcons

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
63M, check the tag, yessir
Under the hood nigga, it's a geek monster
(Is that a geek monster?) Now that's a geek monster
(IS THAT A GEEK MONSTER?) Now that's a geek monster
Old school Chevy, with the Gucci guts
It's that latter day, I'ma make 'em put it up
(Make 'em put it up) I make 'em put it up
(SHAWTY MAKE THEM PUT IT UP~!) I make 'em put it up
Paint drippin wet, like my girl pussy
Me and Khujo, smokin bubble kushy
(Is that that bubble kushy?) Yeah that's that bubble kushy
(Is that that bubble kushy?) Yeah that's that bubble kushy

[Chorus - 2X]

[Verse 3]
Every woofer on, I skated on chrome
Just the other day, I got my lights on
(You got yo' lights on?) I got my lights on
(You got yo' lights on?) I got my lights on
20 cars deep, everybody whippin
{?} run the mill, all in them 26's
(Is them those 26's?) Oh them the 26's
(Is them those 26's?) Oh them the 26's
Bubble out bill, with the frog face
Alligator seats, that's how them ballers play
(That's how them ballers play?) That's how them ballers play
(That's how them ballers play?) That's how them ballers play
Old school Chevelle, sittin high as hell
High as hell as I ride through the A-T-L
(Through the A-T-L?) Through the A-T-L
(Ride through the A-T-L?) Through the A-T-L

[Chorus]



[Chorus:]
Since you can't get right Imma show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle show you how to hustle.
Make a grind all night, Imma show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle..
Put ya game down tight Imma show you how to hustle, show you how to husle, show you hwo to hustle.
It's an all night flight, Imma show you how to hustle, show you hustle, show you how to hustle (Yeahh)

[Verse 1:]
(ughh)
I let my hater be my motivator, I got 20 pounds of purp in my frigerator. (ughh)
So damn an investergator, when I re-up they bring it in a tractor trailor. (ughh)
I'm the king of Decatur man, got that fruity dro any kinda flavor man, (ughh)
Bubble cush or that purple thrax, white rhino you ain't never heard of dat. (ughh)
I got them sevens fr the buck fifty, 125 if an nigga fuck wit me.
(ughh) you doin bad buyin 50 slabs, I'm in Texico buyin out sandwich bags (ughh)
Niggas churpin on my Nextel, Gucci what it look like nigga fish scales (ughh)
I use to hold down the Hotel, now I'm a member of the Big Cat Cartel

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
(ughh)
I use to be the nigga wit the dimes, now I'm on the grind wit the 4's and the 9's. (ughh)
They say it's Gucci time to shine, a young black Enterprenuer in nhis prime (ughh)
A nigga gota get the whole thang, 19-5 evrytime my phone rang (ughh)
I got so much clientell, black tee, black Gat and a pocket scale (ughh)
So I can't go broke man, niggas know me as the Dope man's dope man (ughh)
I made this one for my folks man, for the J's thatb be smokin outta coke cans (ughh)
and they askin for a wake up, you wanna a brick I gotcha covered like make-up. (ughh)
so wantcha holla atcha boy, you drop a couple dollars, I'll getcha coke, I'll getcha boi

[Chorus]

Ima trappa not a rappa
Whole thang gon' shake time to bust it out the rapper(ugh)
So I aint gotta go plaid
ima make half a mil when my pockets get back(ugh)
Gucci mane on the track im the next best thang since cooked up crack (ugh)
I get my car washed free cause the fiends in the hood man they really love me (ugh)
Trash bag fulla trees lil boys say dey wanna be just like me (ugh)
I move so much purp make a nigga in the hood think his scale dont work (ugh)
Since I linked up with Big Cat he told me I cant sell nothin less that a ten pack (ugh)
My whole advance check I spent that 100 bricks 50 bells and my ten strap(ugh)

[Chorus]



[Intro/Chorus: Young Snead]
Dammmn shawty! Why you hatin so hard?
Cause my chain worth a mill? Are my rims too large?
Dammmn shawty! You can get it like me
Ay don't be mad cause I'm in the club throwin up G's
Dammmn shawty! That shit fucked up
Niggaz mad cause I'm hot and they ain't gettin no love
Dammmn shawty! I'm straight from the streets
Sticks and stones break bones, words motivate me

[Gucci Mane]
Gucci finally made it, niggaz player hated
When I hit the club I got twenty G's to play with
Bitch I'm the brick man, ballin like a rich man
Sippin on this syrup got me leanin like a kickstand
Recognize the pimpin, feel the real attention
Laflare Entertainment, I'm playin my position
Waitin on the bitches, holla at the bitches
Never worked for Church's but I served a lot of chickens
Got a lot of G's so I do a little trickin
Hoe take this lil' money bitch and go on about ya business
Every day is Christmas, every night is Valentine's
Ten in New York, it's nine Alabama time
Moved to A-T-L, the whole East Atlanta mine
Billion dollar deal, I signed on the dotted line
Gucci 'bout to pimp shit, lobster steak and shrimp shit
Big Cat, Laflare, you try and get your wig split

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
They say my chain so cold, but my watch too hot
My earrings bling, pinkie ring on fire
Twinkle twinkle, see the stars pass by
Gucci Mane ain't hot? Youse a God damn liar
Why ask why? Niggaz go Bud Dry
A case of Cristal and a black fo'-five
Hoes in the club like "Who is that guy?
Drinkin Cristal throwin money in the sky?"
His fit so sharp and his wheels so large
The rims keep spinnin but the car stay parked
Fo' bedroom with the two car garage
Gucci just copped, nigga I ain't got a flaw
Wet paint job and the automatic start
Semi-automatic if you try to play hard
Gucci Mane Montana, from East Atlanta
Bitch the diamonds in my chain same color bananas
Uhh

[Chorus - repeat 2X]



[Hook]
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Babygirl Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head

[Chorus x2]
Shawtii gotta ass on ha (on ha)
Imma put my hands on ha (on ha)
Imma spend a couple grand on ha (on ha)
Imma pop a rubberband on ha (on ha)

[Verse 1 - GUCCI MANE]
Im tryna figure which chick imma see today (see today).
Picked up a young gurl, looked like Lisa Ray (Lisa Ray).
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha (gots to get ha),
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista (Trina sista).
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill (Lauren Hill),
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is (she kno' wut it is).
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' (daddy do')
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' (Jackie O').
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown (Foxy Brown).
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down (blow it down).
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' (Eve or sumthin').
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' (weave or sumthing').
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture (furniture),
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica (Monica).
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World (Gucci World).

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 2 - Mac Bre-Z]
Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat (who da hell is dat).
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match (bra to match).
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z, pimpin aint E-Z nigga (it aint easy),
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga (I don't need ya).
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none (I take none).
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done (my nails done),
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno',
when I step up in da club,
I be rockin' stilettos hoe (stilettos hoe).
Imma jazzy gurl, straight classy gurl (straight classy girl).
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl (I aint nasty gurl).
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me (shine like me)
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane, im SO ICEY.

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3 - GUCCI MANE]
Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat (time fo' dat).
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
(fries wit dat). Too much ass, I aint gotta press a high to dat (high to dat).
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls, everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City (Magic City).
Go Gurl (Go Gurl)
To da flo' gurl (To da flo' gurl)
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl (Pro gurl)
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world (yo world)
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl (mo' gurl)
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites,
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank (stank).
Six gurls dancin' at da same time (same time),
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine (so fine).
Turn around babygurl, damn ya cute.
I aint tryna come at you like a prostitute.

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]



Im A Street Nigga Dog Everybody Kno Dat
So A Hater Get Smashed Bond Money On Deck
Gave My Dog Half A Brick 4 A "73" Dunk
Got Dat Bull Frog Yah Cuz I Kno It Gone Jump
Im A Real Street Nigga Do You Understand Me
Im A Walkin Bank Roll Breezy Rubberband Me
Red Monkeys On My Ass Gucci Frames On My Face
Got Dat Tony Tiger Kush Man Pimp It Smoke Great
Every Time My Phone Ring Dog Its 18-5
Only Problem Dat I Have Is What Car Im Gone Drive
Im A Real Street Nigga I Aint Never Had Shit
Man This Chain Roun My Neck Cost 4 Or 5 Bricks
Im A Street Nigga Dog I Dont Love No Bitch
I Aint Talkin 2 You Baby Less You Buyin 10 Bricks
Bought A "06" Lamb Wit Da Butterfly Doors
That's A Quarter Million Dollars Gone Just 2 Pull Hoes

Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
You A Street Nigga Just Like Me
Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
No Industry Im In These Streets [x2]

Im A Street Nigga Dog Hoes Love My Swag
And Da Jacob On My Wrist Thats A Drop Top Jag
Bought A Drop Top Vet And A Super Bad Bitch
How Much You Thank It Worth Bout 95 Bricks
Way Back In 95 It Was 95 Cent
Now Im 95 South With An R&B Bitch
Every Time I Leave The House Brang At Least 10 Grips
Cause Its 2 Or 3 Stacks Just To Park My Whips
Got A Small Amount Of Niggaz But A Large Amount Of Clips
And A Blue Bent Coop Same Color As Da Crips
Mean Mug On My Face Nigga Aint Nothin Funny
60 Grand On The Jac Nigga Time Cost Money
Got A Quarter Million Plate Das 18 Blocks
When Da Cops Try 2 Whip Me Man I Aint Gone Stop
Im A Real Street Nigga Dog I Aint Gone Lie
Bought A Pound Of Bubba Kush Just 2 Get The Clique High

Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
You A Street Nigga Just Like Me
Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
No Industry Im In These Streets [x2]

Im A Street Nigga Dog So I Love My Whip
Car Jack A Street Nigga Dats How Niggaz Get Killed
Im A Street Nigga Dog So I Love My Block
Paid A Junky Three Grams Just To Wash My Drop
Street Niggaz Love Me And I Love Street Niggaz
Got A Out Of Town Trap Come Twice A Week Nigga
Im A East Atlanta Vet Man I Aint Done Yet
Bitches Standin In Line Just To Wipe My Sweat
If You Make A Good Count
Then You Under Good Cheack
Never Beef Wit Street Niggaz Dog Thats Ya Best Bet
Street Niggaz Make A College Bitch Panies So Wet
To A Project Bitch Im Da Best Its Gone Get
Street Nigga Of The Year Yeah Dog Dats Me
Just 2 See My Wrist Twirl Man It 18 G's
Gucci Eatin Real Good Dog What About You
Im A Street Nigga Dog You A Street Nigga 2

Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
You A Street Nigga Just Like Me
Im A Street Nigga Dog
Im A Street Nigga Dog
No Industry Im In These Streets [x2]



[Chorus:]
My chain my chain dont you like my chain mane young gucci mane and I'm poppin off the chain mane and my jacob is so fruity call me gucci mane or you call me gucci gucci

I came to da club just to floss my chain mane catched another charge and I'm going to the chain gang oh I think I'm icy sold a hundred thou eating bologna selling white streaks dont you see how bright it is city girls and country girls be telling me how tight it is these girls they be choosey diamonds be so sparkly they think my chain was moving my chain is off the chain stacked up me some money budged it off and bought a chain check the way my chain hang gucci I dont gang bang all I do is chain swang

[Chorus x2]

Gucci you be shining gucci you be shining man gone turn me on dog tell me who your chain man my girlfriend acting lame she say I'm acting different just because I got this chain haters get your hating on when they see them yellow stones holla at cha later on my chain hang to my shoe string like my watch and ring but I know you love my chain my chain hang to my ding-a-ling I do my thug thing when I'm in the club mane when you heard so icy you thought of gucci mane I got that stupid money so I bought a stupid chain

[Chorus x2]



[Intro:]
Zaytoven on the track
Zay-tiggy
Gucci
Gucci

So Watch Entertainment
Lets Go

[Chorus:]
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
[Repeat]

Early in the mornin
I aint even yawnin
Cookin up a cake
Like I'm doin a performance
When it come to flossin
I aint even talkin
Diamonds on my joint
Got my chevy moonwalkin
10 bricks on my Bart Simpson, just look
My watch, 35 pounds of kush
My ring, 36 oz's my nig
My bracelet, 500 lbs of mid
A Gucci wrapped tour bus
Yall hoes follow us
Party pack pills man
Hoes gonna swallow us
Naturally a loner
But love my kid
Mix the soda with the cola
I can buy me a friend
New swag somethin like
Trap House times 10
Ery nigga round me 
Bust heads, YA-Dig
Iced out grill 
I can't buy that bullshit
I'm wit some street shit,
Like a reverend in the pulpit

[Chorus:]
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
[Repeat]

Like ya boi Rip Ham
I got a real good jay (a real good jay)
1 gram for the 80
Thats some real good play
Got them Vince Carter quartas
Add soda and water
I'm not athletic
But Ima straight balla
The Spud Webb ticket
Wit the lamburg yay
And its jumpin from the free throw
Like MJ
Sees nothin pass by
Like Steve and Pass
Say boy you lightnin fast
On the Utah Jazz
Like Dr. J shorts
My work real tight
You got that Atlanta Hawks yay
It wont get right
Catch me on the rebound
Like Bo Outlaw
Ima Mikey Vick-it whip it
Cook it souf-paw
36 hoes-zos
Tryna make the end zone
Make no hard move
And use my cell phone
Worth scrabblin in the pot
Just like Steve Young
5 for the Keyshawn
7 for the Deion

[Chorus:]
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
[Repeat]

Gucci on fiya 
Like mojo crack pot
Fell ova a joint
Like back like crack rock
Money stupid dumb
Just like Cold Blood
Just Young Hot
I show no luv
Money getta like Cheeba
Minds like Fat
And my trap roll hard
Just like Shawty Black
Ima country ass nigga
Jus like Ace
Gotta fetish, for the stones
Jus like Fo' Trey
Money tall like Broah?
Yours like D?
And my patience very short
Just like Courtney C
Angie B, Russell P
But its your choice
My girl Angel pussy deep
Like Slick Man voice
Like Red 03
Man I got bread
My pocket on swole
Like HP fohead
Ima money go getta
So I contest
Gotta a hundred hoes jockin
Jus like Throw Back

[Chorus:]
They call me Chef-Boy-R.D.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
[Repeat]



[Gucci talking]
she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl

[Chorus:]
Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer

She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..

[Verse 1]
Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama, front seat of my Ferrari.

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Gucci.. Gucci man of flavor.. baby I'm that guy.
Girls eyeballs pop when they see when my lam pass by..
ah my money long as a limo.
Just to show off I put my wrist out the window.
I ride through the six.
little gish green bingo.
I fell off in the spot light.
ayy lets mingle.
Then the DJ play my new single.
The club got crazy.
All the girls went Psycho.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Gucci. Don't be conceited girl.
I know ya freaky girl.
I know ya secret girl.
But I'm gonna keep it girl
O you's a colledge girl.
Come be a Gucci girl.
O you's a Gucci fan.
Let's go to Gucciland.
And be your Gucci man.
Cause only Gucci can.
Drop a rag.
Pop your bag.
With a rubberband.
You diggin Gucci Gucci.
Let's do the oochi koochi.
O that's yo girlfriend.
Why don't you introduce me.

[Chorus]



[Chorus:]
[Mac Bre-Z:] Is you rollin [x3]
[Gucci:] Bitch I might be [x3]
[Mac Bre-Z:] Girl he geeked up [x3]
[Gucci:] Bitch I might be [x3]
Yeeaaaaahhh!

[Verse 1:]
East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she aint really pretty but she got a nice body
Im geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Aint your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
Im off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I dont know where I'm goin 
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Shawty tellin me she aint neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I aint gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband aint Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans
I dont pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
Imma the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves thats three
Aint no waffle house baby hell I cant eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we aint slept in weeks

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Gucci Mane ? nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
Im high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz thats at least bout 40
Ill pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill thats a damn good deal

Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.

Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin.
You jockin a playa. You ch-Chewy ova here right.
Look I aint K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress. So do what you do iight.
Imma give you this hundred dollars. Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices, five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be, Bitch I might be,
Bitch I might be, Bitch I might be YEEEAAAAAAAHHH



[Hook]
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Babygirl Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head, Go Head
Go Head

[Chorus x2]
Shawtii gotta ass on ha (on ha)
Imma put my hands on ha (on ha)
Imma spend a couple grand on ha (on ha)
Imma pop a rubberband on ha (on ha)

[Verse 1 - GUCCI MANE]
Im tryna figure which chick imma see today (see today).
Picked up a young gurl, looked like Lisa Ray (Lisa Ray).
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha (gots to get ha),
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista (Trina sista).
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill (Lauren Hill),
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is (she kno' wut it is).
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' (daddy do')
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' (Jackie O').
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown (Foxy Brown).
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down (blow it down).
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' (Eve or sumthin').
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' (weave or sumthing').
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture (furniture),
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica (Monica).
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World (Gucci World).

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 2 - Mac Bre-Z]
Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat (who da hell is dat).
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match (bra to match).
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z, pimpin aint E-Z nigga (it aint easy),
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga (I don't need ya).
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none (I take none).
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done (my nails done),
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno',
when I step up in da club,
I be rockin' stilettos hoe (stilettos hoe).
Imma jazzy gurl, straight classy gurl (straight classy girl).
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl (I aint nasty gurl).
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me (shine like me)
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane, im SO ICEY.

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3 - GUCCI MANE]
Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat (time fo' dat).
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
(fries wit dat). Too much ass, I aint gotta press a high to dat (high to dat).
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls, everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City (Magic City).
Go Gurl (Go Gurl)
To da flo' gurl (To da flo' gurl)
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl (Pro gurl)
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world (yo world)
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl (mo' gurl)
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites,
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank (stank).
Six gurls dancin' at da same time (same time),
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine (so fine).
Turn around babygurl, damn ya cute.
I aint tryna come at you like a prostitute.

[Hook]

[Chorus x2]



24's on yo car yous a trap star, 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star, 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star, 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
[x2]

[Verse 1:]
Pimpin is the topic, 
Money is the object, 
Hataz gon' make me pull my gators out the closet, 
Tailor made outfit, 
Hollerin at a thick chick, 
1 hour lata got her messin up her lipstick, 
All the best in my clique, 
How u hataz hate that? 
Ridin in a mayback, 
Headed to the racetrack, 
Sippin on konyak, 
Big fat dro sack, 
Seat layed back, 
And actin like I'm all that, 
Tell me what you call that? 
Tell me where yo broad at? 
Chillin wit a mack throwback wit a strawhat, 
Hataz mean mug me, 
Girls wanna hug me, 
Everything's lovely, 
Tippin on bubbley, 
Pull up at the club, valet park the car, 
Fell of in the club then I bought the bar, 
Girls choose me cause ima superstar, 
They takin snap shots of my entourage, 

24's on yo car yous a trap star, 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star, 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star, 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
[x2]

[Verse 2:]
I'm the grind man, pine man, 
Dro man, jive man, power man, die man, dope man, coat man, snow man, slick man, trick man, trap man, hit man, big man, 
Come and gucci man, 
Peal man, brick man, po' man, rich man, dub man, lick man, weed man, soft man, pimp man, boss man, stunt man,
Killa man, fresh man, next man, better wear a vest man, 
Yo boy, dough boy, 
Brought down to no boy, 
Neva been a hoe boy, 
Know to rock the show boy, 
Dough boy, glow boy, lover boy, pretty boy, city boy, country boy, 
Neva been a monkey boy, 
Jack boys, crack boys, dope boys, trap boys, 
See me in the club,shawty call me throwback boy, 
Black boys, black toys, eatlin like the fat boys, 
Gucci on tha track boy, 
How u love dat boy? 

24's on yo car yous a trap star, 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star, 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star, 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
[x2]

[Verse 3:]
I'm ridin through the city in a escalade, 
It's friday night the J's just got paid, 
Left the barber shop wit a real tight fade, 
Hit tha car wash let my rims get sprayed 
I'm fresher than fresh, 
I'm sharper that sharp, 
My rims still spinnin but my car is parked, 
It's after dark, we left the park, 
I gotta blunt of dro rolled up this far, 
Everybody know me I'm the a10c, ask my boy ZT, 
Too hot for radio or mtv, tell BET to come and see Gucci, 
Im a trap star, ghetto celebrity, pretty girls wanna get in bed with me, 
And these pretty girls wanna give head to me, but these pretty girls gotta bring bread to me. 

24's on yo car yous a trap star, 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star, 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star, 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
[x2]



Yeah, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci,
Yeah, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, (So Icy, So Icy,)
Seytoba baby,

[Chorus]
I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow,
I don't drive slow, I don't drive slow,
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow,
Let ya hair blow, Let ya hair blow,

I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow,
I don't drive slow, I don't drive slow,
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow,
Let ya hair blow, Let ya hair blow,

[Verse 1]
I drive a sports car bitch, Put em Bapes to the gas,
If you scared go to church cus I'm finna drive fast,
Throwing cash out the brain of a '74 Oldsmo,
There no mojo he need to get some mo do, 
 Cornerstore, Amaco, bought a crist to flat show, 
Niggas want that wola shawty meet right by Grocian Road, 
East side up, put them E's in the air,
If you smoking Bubba Kush, put them trees in the air,
I'm smoking on that kush so it's stankin up my car,
They call me "twinkle twinkle" cus they know that I'm a star,
I told her come here then I didn't say shit,
Cus my ice talk for me, I don't need no broke bitch,

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Verse 2, Gucci fish, shoes, and a purse too,
Steala of yo chain, turn yo watch to Starburst too,
Put them Lemon Heads in yo ears,
Put them Fruity Pebbles in yo fingers,
Now you're envied by yo peers,
And I'ma get yo ass in shape,
All that Gucci Louie Chong got yo ass loosin weight,(leanin)
Gucci Mane got you straight, huh?
You know he got that cake,
Gave it to her first date,
I'ma ride down the block like a damn X Pill,
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels,
I'ma roll down the block like a damn X Pill,
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels,

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Yeah Rose, red Mikey's wit Bapes,
On some pharaoh shit, bitches feedin niggas grapes,
I'ma buy some hot wings, but I could buy steak,
But I'm good wit a trout, bitch a model too fake,
They toyin on the beat, so you know they gone hate,
Had that Tony Tiger Kush, man that shit smoke great,
Got that water bumpin talented I think I can do it,
Drop me and yo body fill wit them other fluid,
Trappa slash rappa but a full time G,
Smokin purp wit my boys, bout 2 or 3 P's,
I'm a trappa slash rappa but a full time G,
Smokin purp wit my boys, bout 2 or 3 P's

[Chorus]



[Chorus]
Pull up in the old school with the hubcaps, got my black tee,ones, and my skull cap,
Stick Em Up,
Stick em up,
Stick em Up,
Stick em Up,
Stick em up,
Stick em up,
Stick em up, ye aint know
I aint come to play and I aint come to laugh, all I gotta say is nigga put it in da bag,
Stick em up,
Stick em up,
Stick em up,
Stick em up,
Stick em,
Stick em up,
Stick em up, ye aint know

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
You know the procedure, when u see a heater
Bullets rippin at ya, got ya runnin like a cheetah
Rob in my black tee, mob in my black V
Robbed the weed man, cuz the nigga tried to tax me
Ye aint gotta ask me,tell me where the stacks be
Hittin big licks got me ballin like an athelete
Used to take starter coats, moved up to bigger dope
Down for a kick do' (door), just to make my wrist glow
Steal from the rich, but I hang with the po' folk
Ball till ya fall, but dont ball til ya go broke
Gucci mane la chat, we in and out the trap fast
Leaving out yo house, 30 birds in my bookbag

[Chorus]

[Verse 2 - La Chat]
Ok..Check that bitch that wake up early in the morning, looking for a victim
The first nigga look like dolla's, tryna holla, I'm gone get em
I got no time for relationships, I'm out to get that cheese
Even if I have to kill u bitch my son I got to feed
Im at the mall, I'm poppin tags with shopping bags so style
I found a duck that I can pluck, that nigga that asked me out
Whoa, hold up my nigga u must dont know I gotta get ya
You told yo boy I got a big ass, but boy my nine is bigga
Im waitin on him to pull up at the spot I see he clean
That boy sittin on them things, a iced out chain, and big ass rings
He said lets go to the movies, I told him lets go to the room
This nigga think he really got a freak, but mine is do the fool
We get to the room, I let him rub,i let him get a lil touch
I told him hold up stop, let me go to the bathroom freshen up
I went out the bathroom window, met with Gucci glock in purse
Kicked in the do', shot him in his head, took his cheese and left him murked..Im that Bitch!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Gucci Mane]
They say that I'ma cut throat, gucci never cut coke
Yea I'ma jack boy, known to run a drug sto'
Hang wit the thug boys, nicknamed the goon squad
First you gotta sign up, then ya get your goon card
Niggas scared to fuck wit me, dont wanna serve me
Shop wit ya wednesday, take from ya thursday
Splurge wit my comrads, gucci mane I'm hood rich
Nigga kill for ya, if u just buy him a outfit
Think like a mob boss, move like warranty
Got a half a mill safe, just to keep the bills paid
Burn em with a hot fork, taser on his nutsacks
I aint come to play, I came to find them big stacks

[Chorus]



Gucci Mane Big Cat

Growing up was real hard on my block
Cops and robbers I was never the cop
To be the cop was considered a joke
I'm the same little' nigga that taught your brother to smoke

But now-a-days man I stay on the news
My every move is up on the tube
Whoever said being a gangsta was easy
I got beef with BMF and I got problems with Jeezy

To be a gangsta is a full time job
A bad a boy but I ain't Black Rob
The pays good but the hours are crazy
You disrespect me I'm gonna see ya degraded

I'm never scared but I'm thinkin ahead
because they don't bury the scared man they bury the dead

I'm ex-con but I'm out on bond
Wave bye to the bad guys, Teflon Dons

[Chorus]
Got my name in the paper and my face in the news
Gucci Mane, Lil'flare
Everybody Everybody know me
Everybody know me nigga
Gucci mane, Lil'flare I'm a real OG (nigga) [2x]

Take it to the street nigga, lets go there
There ain't nothing 'tween us pussy nigga but air
But you better prepare 'fore you fuck with the flare
I'll have you role round, frickin up with the chair

See I don't fight fair na I don't fight fair
Gucci Mane'll put that ass in intensive care
Matter of fact if ya see me fight a grizzly bear, I suggest you help the fucking grizzly bear

Tha ain't no pussies ova here, na it's just Jeez
There ain't no time for no talk, nigga cock it and squeeze
Got these ho type ass niggas weak at the knees
Shoot two twenty-threes they'll chop down trees

Gucci Mane outta jail man, what I'm gonna do now
That Jeezy Little bitch ass thinkin out loud [2x]

[Chorus]

You mother fuckers must don't know who they mess wit
I'm that outlaw wild wild west shit
I'm on that two clipse AK and a vest shit
You motherfuckers must don't know who you fucking with

I'm not a kid, Gucci Mane full grown
So bring the choppers, leave the nines at home
And call the coppers cause I'm aiming for domes
I have ya call full backup on the phone

The franchise, but Gucci Mane ain't wearing no white tee
The niggas hate the fact that niggas so icy
but fuck that, niggas don't gotta like me
Cause seeing niggas shit'split in excite me

Picture me high off the weed like a kite be
I took ya bitch through my hood just to site see
I screen niggas so I stay on the skreet shit
and if there's drama then it's you I'm gonna deal with

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Yeah! It's ya boy Black Magic
My nigga Young Snead, let's go

[Verse 1]
Ay man I walk like a soldier, talk like a soldier
Since I moved to the South, my slang got colder
Walk got pimper, cane with the limper
Treat my bitch right, always lobster and shrimp her
Flatbush Ave I'm the number one contender
Simpson Road fashion, poppin wheelies on the Ninja
Whip game hot, flow cold like the winter
Ball hard if niggaz got blocks like a center
Time for me to switch it up, bigger car bigger truck
Got the new house and that too was big as fuck
And this a must that you see me blow
Lil' nigga hold the weight like my CEO
Now it's back to the business, we eat sleep and shit this
Take this, shoot him and any fuckin witness
Always on some pimp shit, never on some simp shit
At Big Cat Records nigga e'ryday is Christmas

[Chorus]
We eat, we sleep, we shit this
Big whips, big chips, we live this
Smoke kush, pop Crist', fuck bitches
Us young niggaz out there handle our business
We eat, we sleep, we shit this
Big whips, big chips, we live this
Smoke kush, pop Crist', fuck bitches
And send them goons if them goons on our shitlist

[repeat 2X]
Guess what I heard? Gucci Mane back
Guess what I heard? Man he reppin Big Cat
Guess what I heard? Young Snead on some other shit
Tell them fuck niggaz they can miss us with that sucker shit

[Verse 2]
I'm addicted to the trap, down with Big Cat
and you know he got a strap, why you wanna try me?
And you know I gotta scrap, you a country boy
so you know I gotta trap (AYYYY!)
Cop the fruity watch just to hurt the haters' faces
Big Cat chain with the Big Cat bracelet
Big Cat bracelet with the Big Cat bracelet
Countin twenty mill' in the Big Cat basement
I heard, I heard, word on the street
Gucci fell down now he back on his feet
Anti-social, he don't really socialize
What'cha call that? I call it street certified~!
A hundred thou' sold no lie
So call the fire truck, cause Gucci on fire
And he pulled up in a 'rrari
And if he hurt your feelings when he did then he sorry!

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Verse 3]
I'm a certified pimp shawty, never seen me cake a hoe
Bad bitch one night, next day another hoe
A young'un with a bankroll, listen what I date 'em fo'?
Benefits and everythang that I can go and break 'em fo'
We eat, we sleep, we shit this
Smoke kush, pop Crist', real pimp shit
Big chains, big whips on 6's
I got money on my mind so fuck bitches
I'm in the Coupe with the top back, Lamborghini do's on it
Had to do it B-I-G, so I throwed the 4's on it
Tote a fo'-fo' so the kid scream 'Fuck a hater!'
All black, long part, somethin like The Terminator
Call me the exterminator, sprayin like the Orkin man
You don't want no part of that we deeper than a marching band
We trap, we slang, we hustlers
And stay away from you motherfuckin busters

[Chorus]

[repeat 2X]
Guess what I heard? Gucci Mane back
Guess what I heard? Man he reppin Big Cat
Guess what I heard? Young Snead on some other shit
Tell them fuck niggaz they can miss us with that sucker shit



[CHORUS:]
Don't want no other woman in da world but dat girl
Ma I gotta tell u I'm in luv with a trap girl
Trap girl [x8]
Down ass bitch dat keep my business intact girl
End of the nite we'll be counting dem stacks girl
Trap girl [x8]

[VERSE 1: GUCCI MANE]
See dat thick redbone man I call dat
Da coupe wat she drive and da trap all dat
Cause she a trap girl [x8]
Gucci back on dat trap shit
Fuck a super model cause I'm stickin with my trap bitch
Cause she a down ass gangsta broad
Like a basketball player baby girl will take da shot
Micros and sum nice clothes
Real fat ass and she luv to smoke dat hydro
She got my name on her arm
And she ain't a terrorist but she'll hold a nigga bomb
She real good in da kitchen
Got her cookin up all da quarter chicken
She keep my pounds in da basement
Pussy so good dat I bought da bitch a bracelet
Just to show her dat I luv her
Cause every nigga in da hood wanna fuck her

[CHORUS:]
Don't want no other woman in da world but dat girl
Ma I gotta tell u I'm in luv with a trap girl
Trap girl [x8]
Down ass bitch dat keep my business intact girl
End of the nite we'll be counting dem stacks girl
Trap girl [x8]

[VERSE 2: GANGSTA BOO]
Ay I gotta holla at my mexicans
Takin trips in and outta town with dem pounds again
Yea I got da pounds of da goodie good
Looks I decieve and best believe I got da goodie good
Yea I do dis here for da gucci mane
With my pretty ass I can get him just bout anythang
Yea I got da niggas with da hard white
Bricked up taped up
U wanna get high tonite
Ay I da pills if u wanna roll
To calm down off dat I got da zanex to help u dose
Ay and I keep a piece of bling bling
Also strapped with the infored beams
For niggas tryin 2 cross da team
Yea u betta get ya fuckin mind rite
Cause I got my grind tight
All day all nite
Ay dis time around will be da take ova
Give da game a makeover
Like flip game over
Yea dis time around till be da take over
Give da game a makeover
Trap girl game over

[CHORUS:]
Don't want no other woman in da world but dat girl
Ma I gotta tell u I'm in luv with a trap girl
Trap girl [x8]
Down ass bitch dat keep my business intact girl
End of the nite we'll be counting dem stacks girl
Trap girl [x8]

[VERSE 3: GUCCI MANE]
I'm hood like hot wings
Lookin for a trap queen
Burglabar throwed up
Every room a flat screen
Took her income tax
And I flipped it to a whole thing
Yea I flipped to a whole thing
Now it's on and poppin
Luv to take her shoppin
Keep her lookin good cause da money's not a option
Nezit gritzit shit is my trap shit
Numba one trap pit
Good at dat mouth shit
Trap bitch bad bitch
Nothin like my last bitch
If dey ever meet den
Dat bitch gon get her ass kicked

[CHORUS:]
Don't want no other woman in da world but dat girl
Ma I gotta tell u I'm in luv with a trap girl
Trap girl [x8]
Down ass bitch dat keep my business intact girl
End of the nite we'll be counting dem stacks girl
Trap girl [x8]



Alley cats hoes mane
Strictly entertainment (strictly entertainment)
For all my street bitches out there (all my street bitches)
Real spit (real spit)

[Chorus:]
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed,
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat (Yeeaaaahhhh)

[Verse 1:]
Four bed rooms with four bad kids, (bad kids)
But the girl so pretty and her ass so big, (so big)
Dancin at the strip joint, guess what I did, (what I did)
Made it rain on her fo' head, told her go head, (go head)
Break bread if you got it, if you don't just watch me, (just watch me)
A red stop sign in the road couldn't stop me, (couldn't stop me)
Alley ass girl, bitch yo ass outrageous, (outrageous)
Goodness gracious, get butt naked, (butt naked)
20 thousand ones, baby just to have fun, (have fun)
Got a half-a-mill saved in case I have to post bond, (post bond)
You a alley ass hoe, Why you talkin so loud, (so loud)
Ol' Alley ass bitch with a gold grill smile, (grill smile)
Tattoo's, shawty got alot of piercings, (piercings)
And she rollin on a pill, feelin like I'm feelin, (Feelin)
You a alley cat shawty, I won't pay you no mind, (no mind)
Put ya number in my phone cause yo ass so fine, (so fine)

[Chorus:]
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed,
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat (Yeeaaaahhhh)

[Verse 2:]
Shawty thick like grits, real talk, real spit, (spit)
If you lookin for a alley bitch, that's what you gon get, (gon get)
Alley girls got money, (got money) Alley girls got plugs, (got plugs)
Alley girls smoke weed, (smoke weed) Alley girls sell drugs, (sell drugs)
Shawty at it like a mutherfucker, just like me, (like me)
Credit card scammin hoe, runnin from the police, (police)
You a eastern alley hoe, I was down in south beach, (south beach)
Seen a big thick bitch with alot of gold teeth, (lotta gold teeth)
Had platinum 21, listen bentley car keys, (bentley cars keys)
It's impossible to steal, I ain't stuntin car thieves, (I ain't stuntin car thieves)
Shawty real real alley, keep it real real street, (real real street)
Suck dick, eat pussy, she a real real freak, (real real freak)
I'm a keep it dawg, I won't bite my toungue, (my toungue)
East Atlanta zone 6 where them alley hoes from, (alley hoes from)
Like T-Pain mane all these alley hoes sprung, (alley hoes sprung)
Gucci Mane performin live, all the alley come, (aahhh)

[Chorus:]
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed,
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat,
She a alley cat, she a hood rat (Yeeaaaahhhh)



Ya boy, Gucci Mane speaking
Yeah, I'm home, just touchdown
I'ma dressing all these blow pops out there, yeah

Uh blow pop, that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

I'm looking at the world through my ice out gaze
Yuh couldn't walk uh, mile in ma brand new J's
If yuh know wut I mean
I keep court side seats like I play fo' the team

I'm killin' maself
Hold ma dick wen I rap 'cause I'm feelin' maself
Real talk yuh's uh blow pop
Get outta jail na, ya whole show stop

Yuh's uh blow pop homie
I'm independent ballin' major yuh get no pops homie
6 months plus uh bitch stop
And I ain't got time to be fucking with no blow pop

Uh blow pop, that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

They hatin' on Gucci Mane, that's uh blow pop move
Yuh gotta wear 20's just to fill ma shoes
See, I ain't fuckin' with blow pops
Yuh let uh, niqqa click and na yuh, stuck with uh blow pop

Yuh thought yuh wuz uh
G yuh turned out to uh blow pop
Yuh bought uh
CD na yuh noe yuhs uh blow pop

So blow pops try to kill me
Somebody set me up so tell me how am I guilty?
But I don't need no one else
'cause anytime I get in beef
I just call maself 'cause yuhs uh blow pop

Uh blow pop, that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

Big cat records played wut will da blood clock
Gucci on da mike talkin' 'bout all these blow pops
Man, they softer than backpack
150 grand fo ya chain can yuh match that?

Man yuh straight up bacon
And if I see yuh in the streets prolli, spit in ya face
The rap game so sleazy
They try to knock me off but aye, it ain't that easy

The blow pops I wanna blow up
Mad 'cause ma watch cost da same as uh, Porsche truck
Got lock tryin' to hold hawk
But that's wut I get man fo' fuckin' with blow pops

Uh blow pop, that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas



[Verse 1]
Laborginis Ferraris & Bentleys we boats and jetskis Cristal Don-P tha kush the P.T. two facts about me bitch ask about me big cats around me big stacks round big gats round me tha thrax round me purple packs around me no sacks round me I smoke like marley I niggaz ride harleys I hurt ya daughter feelings mrs.jackson I'm sorry I'm pimpin like goldie and ballin like koby these haters get found thrown in the oppanoke yo bich she choose me you mad she choose me I'm glad she choose me she gave me her room key the time on White St. the time in D.C gucci tha ol' G they put me on T.V. I'm gutta like B.G. I'm reppin the B.C. the jealous ones envy cuz it's somethin against me 

[Chorus x2]

You fuck with me you fuck with them you fuck with them you stuck with me big cat laflare we don't fight fair big cat laflare na we don't fight fiar

[Verse 2]
Got major flavor got major label got major niggaz cuz we got major paper ball hard like we major league baseball players who is Sherley Franklin cuz Gucci Mane the mayor I run the city I am the city Bad Boy but I never did sign with Diddy I bake the cake I make the cake 36 what I cop like jacob plat my team the champs yo team the chumps my squads the spurs hell yo suads the pumps unload the pump unload the pump explode the pump then reload the pump don't move the trunkl you fit in the trunk you set in tha trunk til ya body stank like a shunk the city of thieves drug dealers and G's my niggaz gamble all my niggaz smoke weed 

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3]
My money got a mouth so I let it talk for me half a mill worth of ice what it bought for me I'm on tha bubble kush man thats a rich high I order Cris by the case I'm a rich guy I'm 25 but I ride like I'm 67 cuz when I ride man I ride with the mac 11 a quater pound worth of purple thrax to smoke on so iced out I think I need my coat on the young nigga with the shades and the gold fronts why you stunt so hard you only live once I'm in the club real high and I'm real drunk I'm on my third bar and I'm on my eight blunt I'm leavin with your girl with the pump right in the front with them 28's call Roy Dunes I'm from East Atlanta boy this is how it's done we rock them old school verses with the Georgia sun

[Chorus x2]



It's the king of the trap, nigga [click clack]
It's the king of the trap, NIGGA!
Yeah it's the king of the trap [click clack]

Gucci Gucci in the building [click clack] Gucci Gucci
Gucci Mane in the building - Gucci Mane
Big Cat Laflare (uhh uhh uhh) it's our year baby
Check this out right here

What's that clique that you run with? Big Cat nigga
The label that you signed with? Big Cat nigga
Hoes wanna fuck you when you Big Cat nigga
[sucks teeth]



[Intro]
Gucci Mane in the buildng (Gucci Gucci)
Laflare entertainment (Laflare)
Zaytoven on the track (Zay Tiggy)
That nigga Dest in the buildin (that boy Dest)
Bad Boy in this motherfucker (Bad Boy)
Big Cat in this motherfucker (Big Cat)
Is Laflare in this motherfucker? (That boy Gucci)
Yuh

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
I got your budget on my neck, your deal on my wrist
Your whole entire life savings on my pinky nigga
Bling bling bling bling (bling bling bling bling)
Bling bling bling bling (bling bling bling bling)

[Gucci Mane]
See I'm smokin on some bubba kush, come from California
Funky like yo' daddy feet is stankin like ammonia
Now I got his plug with this {?} in Arizona
When I touch Atlanta they gon' tell my telephoner
Trap niggaz, rap niggaz, wish they could clone us
Icy cause I dig blue blue big bails of marijuana
Trappin has advanced from just standin on the cornah
Violators haters will be turned to organ donors
Chillin in the V.I., sippin on Corona
I'ma get some head with this this bitch like this Patrona
Stop playing games girl cause I don't condone 'em
If you want some work don't come before like it's a zoner
Fifteen inches but my rims they some grown-ups
Sucker for a minute now a nigga has done blow up
Check my BDM's, look at my spins, daily goin up
Check, check my spins, daily goin up

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Check I'm out the Folia, foolin with that Scorpion
It's mess when that bad chick stride off the rodeo
Smokin on the fire, got desire, do the holy crescent
If you ain't poppin no bottles right now (bruh ain't reppin)
I'm the freshest from dirty, Westside rollin close to {?}
From the alley, habits, might die from a overdose
On a mission my vision, clouded by the paper
Crooked, took it, cut it, shave it with the razor
Even miss my bread and butter, I ain't gettin offended
Run it not in my budget, I ain't got to share it
Who's your man? Like it, love it, not to want to play it
{?} on them thugs, money on the table
Who who play in the club? You fuckin with the mayor
I'll be damned, fresh in the mud, put you on the payroll
What'chu want? Say what you want, it's all about me
We get high and run in the hood, you fall around me

[Chorus]

[before third verse]
Big Tank, Big Cat
Let's get it in nigga
Uhh

[Big Tank]
I show you how to do this here, keep a light bluish ear
Sixty on them frightening, so you don't excite me
Haters don't like me, and I don't like you either
You mad cause I'm stacked up, and you underachiever
You see the plat' Amex, you still fuck with Visas
Vietnam, Cakalak, niggaz throw the V's up
Nigga roll the trees up, what the fuck you waitin on?
We talkin 'bout this money, so go on make a hatin song
Gucci's on my feet, but my jeans look like dollar signs
'cicles on my teeth, so I'm talkin money all the time
G's I'ma follow mine, you don't want no part of mine
Chopper in the back'll have you leapin like Impala signs
Big Tank, Big Cat, nigga what you know about it?
Sittin in the booth, and they told me bring the flow up out it
Go getter fo' sho' about it, money over e'rythang
Stackin up this paper 'til it's higher than a airplane

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Uhh



[Intro:]
Yeah, that boy Gucci
Got my nigga block in this bitch
East Atlanta's finest 
E.C.T South!

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Early in the morning Nigga Imma be up
Imma be up, Imma be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up 
It's time to re-up It's time to re-up;
7:30 in the morning, Nigga we gon' be up 
We gon' be up, we gon' be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up
It's time to re-up, it's time to re-up;

[Verse 1: Yatta Mann]
Boys what it do?
Nigga getcha g's up
Dope man bitch!
Call me Mr.Re-Up
The kitchen smells like fish, the fish scale dog
1000 Grams at a time on the Digiscale ow!
.45 Mac
Rubber band stacks
Spent a ? a mill wit Papi watch how fast I get it back
The dope boys love me
Taught'em how to cook
You whip it real hard, cold water, let it drop
The dope man bitch!
Sold bricks, sold rocks
100 thousand dollars, fell like I shot a cop
The dope man bitch!
Sold grams, sold white
Cook the work 10 minutes 
Fiends gave me 5 pipes
New York nigga's love how I work that turn pipe
Got Micheal Jackson yay 
Powder 10, but it cook white
I don't get nervous when I ride them highways 
Dope man bitch!
Everyday is my birthday!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I got the city on lock!
Have you ever seen a ? million dollars in a Nike shoe box?
I can show you how to trap!
100 grand worth of cap
And I pray that my phone ain't tapped!
Nigga buy for the smell of it
Bought a hard top 6 and I sat it on spree's for the hell of it
7 on the dot!
Got some cain and its jumping out the pot!
I'm in the game so I give it all I got
To a million dollar spot
I got a rainbow Range same color as lean
Wit the matching rims on it, man that bitch so clean
Gotta skittle Drop Jag and a fruity Chevelle
If I drop the top back, bubble kush you gon' smell
Every flip I cop another whip
Every trap I cop another chain
Every play I cop another tool
What these nigga's know bout Gucci Mane?
Notta damn thang!
I'm icy, something like a polar bear
When your girl give me brain better hold her hair
100 Grand in the bag just to make you stare
Re-up wit the man
Gucci Mane Lil'Flap 

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Go with our rental cars
Used to serve hard to Mountain Park;
Now I stand behind the burglar bars
Say Lil'Breeze best smoke ya gars;
I'm the hustler of the century 
When you think of money mention me
I said my buddy get it to the key
From Arkansas to Tennessee
Every Brick, Pill. And every "P"
Some how it doesn't come from me
I'm on T.V gettin interviewed
Still got them thangs in the intertubes
8 grand for the good purp
A t-shirt, under my t-shirt
Aye lock it up, that's a bad word
You had to whip it till your wrist hurt
You shoulda holler'd at Gucci or Block
Got'chu a dime to a ? a block
I'm knocked diamonds and I never stop
Disturbing cocaine; duckin cops

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Aiyyo make sure you get the backwood off the puff my nigga
[knocking three times] [buzzing doorbell]
I ain't gon' lie [BUZZ, BUZZ BUZZ]
That shit was some good weed nigga why you bullshittin?
[buzzing again] I need me some more of that
(Who is it?) Magic! (Hold on)
(Cat!) "Yo" (Magic at the do' for ya)
"Fuck you tellin me that for? Let Magic in man he family"
[door opens and shuts]
'Bout to go holla at the big boy man
Just came home fresh, seems proper, feel me? {Yup}
Stay right here, I gotta holla at him, y'know?
Just some one-on-one shit, chill out
{Ah, al-alright, alright, alright, yeah, yeah, yo}

[Magic (Big Cat)]
Big boy, what's good?
(Yo Magic, whassup dawg? I ain't seen you in a minute)
Ain't shit man, y'know
Been out here in the street (yeah?)
You see I ain't dead y'knahmean or in Hell y'know?
(That's whassup my nigga but check it out man)
(What's been goin on, man I've been gone for minute, what's poppin?)
You know we've been hittin the streets hard man
Y'know I, I been hearin a lot of bullshit
But y'know I laugh at bullshit y'know
(Yeah I know what you talkin about y'knahmayin?)
(That ol' Gucci Mane situation but I tell you what)
(We ain't gon worry 'bout that shit right now, y'knahmsayin?)
(That nigga makin us money - we eatin off this nigga dawg!)
Cheah hold up hold up hold up I got'chu man
Now that you see what we worth [drops bag on table, unzips it]
(What'chu got dere?) Courtesy of Coochie Man and Atlantic Records
(Ohh man, OOH, shit~! Ain't seen this many hundreds in a...)
[slaps money down] (Boy, that's what I'm talkin about baby)
That's right (that's all for me?)
Yeah man y'know that's for you man (OOOH! .. yeah)
That's better than a visit man (that's what I'm talkin about)
(Good lookin dawg, good lookin)
Know you was wonderin why I ain't come see you man
But you know I couldn't come see you caged up
(I see you I see you was busy handlin business and shit)
(Gettin shit right) Yes sir, yes sir
(Yeah that's what I'm talkin about but check it out Magic)
(It's all about that music shit right now)
(We gotta chill out on the other shit y'knahmsayin?)
(It's too many bodies poppin up, too many niggaz talkin)
(Y'knahmsayin? And we ain't with allathat)
(We gon' fly under the radar right now, and fuck with this music shit)
(Y'knahmsayin? That's where the real money at, y'knahmsayin)
I feel you my nigga, I I heard it was money there y'know?
I seen niggaz gettin money in there, y'knahmsayin?
I need some of that (shit it's your time baby)
(Just don't forget, motherfuckin Coochie Mane)
(We ain't worryin about him right now)
(He dissin the motherfuckin family, or tryin to.. do what he doin?)
(We ain't worryin about him, cause we eatin off him)
(Let him live my ya dig?)
And you know how much I love money nigga [echoes]
(That's right!)



[Gucci talking]
she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl

[Chorus:]
Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer

She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..

[Verse 1]
Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama, front seat of my Ferrari.

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Gucci.. Gucci man of flavor.. baby I'm that guy.
Girls eyeballs pop when they see when my lam pass by..
ah my money long as a limo.
Just to show off I put my wrist out the window.
I ride through the six.
little gish green bingo.
I fell off in the spot light.
ayy lets mingle.
Then the DJ play my new single.
The club got crazy.
All the girls went Psycho.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Gucci. Don't be conceited girl.
I know ya freaky girl.
I know ya secret girl.
But I'm gonna keep it girl
O you's a colledge girl.
Come be a Gucci girl.
O you's a Gucci fan.
Let's go to Gucciland.
And be your Gucci man.
Cause only Gucci can.
Drop a rag.
Pop your bag.
With a rubberband.
You diggin Gucci Gucci.
Let's do the oochi koochi.
O that's yo girlfriend.
Why don't you introduce me.

[Chorus]



[Intro: Gucci Mane (Khia)]
(Thug Misses in the house!)
Geah! Gucci Mane in the house
Gucci Mane, Laflare
(This is Big Cat reppin)
Big Cat in the building, so watch yo' mouth
So watch yo' mouth - tell me what they do?
(Tell me what they do?) Shawty what you doin?
Shawty what? Throw it up
(Oh you want me over there?)
Tell me what they do? (Tell me what they do?)

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
What they do? What they do?
They get drunk and they get loose
Mix that Goose with Absolute
Then they turn to prostitutes

[Khia]
(Tell me what they do?)
Thug Misses and I'm lookin for a Thug Mister
Big spender, break bread like a real mister
Drop low to your knees boy, whistle on it
Then put that wood on me, cut me like you paid for it
It's on you, let me know if you really want it
You on Goose, so I know you gon' get loose
Pop a pill, do what you been wantin to do
Then make it rain like a motherfuckin hurricane
I hate lames, if you want it you gotta suck on it
Get it right, if you want it you gotta bid on it
Real thick and my sugar got gold on it
Spend on it, make a chick put her friend on it
Good neck, good back, ohh yeah I want it!!
Slide on it, make a chick wanna ride on it
Hair on it mean the nigga ain't scared of it
Thug Misses, Gucci Mane and you still want it

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Tell me what they do?
For about a hundred dollars she'll let you come through
Two hundred dollars take her clothes off too
Three hundred she'll be all on you
For the fo' give a blowjob 'til she turn blue
Five hundred dollars she'll eat a girl too
Drop the whole stack she'll do the whole crew
Hoes get loose when they drink Grey Goose
Seee the Coupe on rims with the big sunroof
You can bring your friend and your homegirl too
Damn what you heard, baby girl it ain't true
I don't like her girl I really like you
Cause she already told me what she wan' do
Love it when you fresh and you wear perfume
Everybody stare when I walk in the room
Chain frostbit like a New Year's Eve
But the watch on fire like the first day of June

[Khia]
Let me show you what a real boss chick do
Make you feel real special when I'm on you
Slide low lay back and enjoy the ride
Super wet stay gushin on the inside
Water flowin like a stream call me Aquafina
A real bad mamma jammer, love it when you beat it
Stay fresh, stay tight, pumpin all night
I got that comeback, strokin on it just right
Guys we can play hard if you want to
Act like you don't want it when you know you do
It's real simple, use your lips then use your chin
Tip that pole back, baby sip on all the milk
Fruity Pebbles lips tastin like Fruit Loops
Lovin what you do when you gone on the Goose
You love it what I'm doin when I'm gone on the Goose
You gettin crunk and loose, good to know you suck it too

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Yeah Money Makin' Records man
T know Laflare Entertainment
True what's happening?
Yeah, I call'em true cause they know they the truth dawg
That boy Gucci
Yeah, we make them hoes say

[Chorus: .45]
Yo trap don't boom like mine
Yo paper ain't longer than mine, than mine
Aw man [8X]
Yo bitch ain't finna than mine, than mine
Yo rims ain't talla than mine, than mine
Aw man [8X]

[Verse 1]
You never seen a thug like this aw man
I'm choppin down them bricks tryin to wipe Jackie Chan
My money come fast, my work come in grams
My soldiers keep straps like they work for Uncle Sam
My chain like ugh, my wrist like damn!
I show up at the jewler with a hundred thousand cash
Drop top Porsche, inside DAMN
Outside red lookin like a Coke can
I keep a pretty brown round and young yellow
I gotta butta pecan Rican and a French vanilla
My trap boom hard, my bitch real fine
Poppi on the way, we call it crunch time

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
I'ma lean with it, serve a fiend with it
On the block since the age of thirteen with it
In the kitchen water whippin, a thousand eight grams
I'm standin over the stove and I'm doin it with one hand
Aw man, fruit man, Toucan sam, two hundred and seven gram
Got yam, a long Lamb', I'm sellin that grown man
Aw man, I'm on that Kush tonight
And I ain't stoppin chopper hit'chu and your body start rockin
My chain got pneumonia, watch got the bird flu
Came to the club smellin like a pound of purple
Big Cat ruckus, nigga it's a movement
This aint hip-hop, this is drug dealer music

[Chorus]

[.45]
I trap hard nigga, stunt hard nigga
E'ry bitch in the club jock a young nigga
Fo'-five, Big Cat representa nigga
Them twenty-eights sittin high, I'm a giant nigga
Blowin kush muh'fucker, can you smell me nigga?
Ridin through the city flyin with the top back
Quarter ki' of the yam in the knapsack
Big Tank throwin pills to the quarterbacks
Me and Mailman (geah!) at'cha bitch house
Baby momma cookin work at the trap house
She servin coke like she work at the Waffle House
Fo'-five count stacks at the stash house

[Chorus]



[Big Cat (Magic)]
You know I fucks wit'chu right? (No doubt, no doubt)
You gotta show you down for the cause [horn honks]
Turn down the music, let me holla at this nigga
(I got you nigga I got you... aiyyo what's poppin homey?)

[Jamaican (Magic)]
Wha 'gwan Magic? (Ain't nuttin I'm here chillin too y'know)
(I got good news and bad news though homey)
Talk to me then now
(The good news is Big Cat home)
(The bad news is prices done went up 25%)
Twenty-five percent? Go suck ya mudda!
(Well since it's like that, you gon' be the example)
(Dada, burn this nigga)
Whatta now you amma.. [bursts of fire through a silencer]
(Rock a bye baby!!!) [laughter, crowd yelling]



[Intro]
Big Cat, Laflare (Big Cat)
Gucci Mane, Laflare (Gucci Gucci)
We will be be respected (respect)

[Chorus]
See we can get it poppin (we can get it poppin)
See we can get it poppin (nigga we can get it poppin)
Cause I went choppa shoppin (nigga choppa shoppin)
Cause I went choppa shoppin (yeah we went choppa shoppin)

[Gucci Mane]
You niggaz not a army, cause you ain't hard enough
You nothin like a boss, cause y'all ain't smart enough
See we can get it poppin (poppin) cause I went choppa shoppin (shoppin)
I keep one in the chamber (chamber) so I ain't gotta cock it (cock it)
You gets no respect ('spect) I mean none at all (none at all)
I'm in the junk yard (junk yard) runnin body parts (body parts)
Roll another blunt ('nother blunt) Magic another blunt (never blunt)
It might look gravy (gravy) but this ain't what'cha want
My money on the rise (on the rise) yo' money standin still (standin still)
On fire with the tools (tools) better with the steel (steel)
Fuck with my nigga Cat (Cat) nigga watch your mouth (mouth)
Cause any disrespect ('spect) I'll be at'ch house (house)

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Done take your bitch (bitch) - fuck her too
I thought we was cool, but youse a sucker too
See we can shoot it out (shoot it out) or we can duke it out (duke it out)
But all that Hollywood shit I can do without (this fo'real)
I roll with drug dealers (drug dealers) body snatchers (body snatchers)
Cap peelers (cap peelers) and kidnappers (kidnappers)
Murderers (murderers) and burglarers (burglarers)
Mercinaries (mercenaries) you ain't never scary (never scary)
I be locked down in jail eatin commisary
Have yo' body cold like the month of February
Gucci Mane bitch, Big Cat ruckus
You ain't gotta like us, but you must respect us

[Chorus]

Uhh...

[Magic]
Ay it's a movement, it 'bout to be some changes
We will be respected, what the fuck y'all niggaz thankin? (Hahaha)
We squaded up, camouflaged down, ragged up
We can get it poppin, got ther choppers in the stash box (stash box)
With Magic on the scene (scene) niggaz gettin shook (shook)
We knock 'em down first round and we ain't usin' hooks (nope)
I'm from the streets so you know I think the same way
And plus my gun don't shoot water down dawg naan day

[Young Snead]
You need bricks nigga? Me and Gucci got it (Gucci got it)
One call and Young Snead'll have them toolies poppin
You could be from the North (North) or from the South (South)
I don't discriminate, I'm shootin if your run your mouth
We ridin speed boats (speed boats), and they full of coke (full of coke)
The word is out - we supply the whole East coast
Lemonhead chains (chains), and my watch is Skittles (Skittles)
New H2 interior like peanut brittle

[Outro]
See we can get it poppin - UHH...



[Intro]
It's the bad guys
Say hello to the bad guys!
Big Cat Records, Gucci, Black Magic

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
We the bad guys, and we play for the bad team
We hauntin ya life like you just had a bad dream
The bad guys...
Just don't get on our bad side

[Gucci Mane]
I fucks with the AR, I fucks with the AK
You fuckin with Gucci, you gon' have a bad day
They say I'm a mad guy, they call me the bad guy
I tell ya like this just don't get on my bad side
I come with that skreet shit, in love with this beef shit
My diamonds ocean blue so they might get ya seasick
I fuck with the Glock 40, {?} shotty
Plus when I aim then I aim for the upper body
Ain't with that hoe shit, I'm smokin that 'dro shit
You come with some mo' shit, you gon' get your throat slit
Yeah this is that G shit, we call it a classic
I have my nigga Magic put that ass in a casket
And that there is real talk, you best have a fast walk
Or else yo' bitch ass might get lined in the white chalk
Fuck what you thank nigga, fuck what you thought nigga
Wired for jaw, so yo' ass can't talk nigga

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Is you a man nigga? Is you a mouse nigga?
Have yo' bitch ass scared to come out the house nigga
Gucci fear no man, so who is this Snowman?
The word on the low is he really a hoe man
Bitch stick to that trap shit, and stick to that rap shit
You say you a gangster, but you never clapped shit
If you wanna find me, take I-20 Flat Shoals
Let's see if you can take this broomstick up your asshole
Always gon' stand ground, never gon' back down
I'm puttin my mack down, I'm layin the smack down
See Gucci's a skreet nigga, I stay on that skreet shit
And I'm the wrong nigga that ya clique wanna beef with
I keep the 9 close like the bitch that you sleep with
And I'll bust a head but can you keep a secret?
I'm smokin that kushie, you niggaz is pussy
I never been a killer but you pussies done pushed me

[Chorus]

[Black Magic]
Now this the bad guy song, they put the bad guys on it
So listen when you hear the two bad guys talkin
I shoot straight, move weight, always in a new state
Always givin fake names, cars got paper plates
The bad guy, say hello to my little friend (say hello)
My lil' friend got a hundred other lil' friends
Now we the bad team, it's more than a bad dream
Gucci and Black Magic now that's a bad scene
Carbon 15's comin out, AK's comin out
I'ma run the North, Gucci run the South
Independent but we ballin like majors
Them fruity ones got 'em all flavors
I'm fuckin with real niggaz and players, killers and cutthroats
And when I get a order homey somebody gettin smoked
I'm no joke, catch the kid cookin up coke
I got a blunt full of bubba kush, nigga come smoke with us

[Chorus]



[Intro]
(Zaytoven!!)
Geah! Gucci Mane, is in the buildin
So Icy Entertainment, Zaytoven on the track
When we come to the club
We got the choppers on deck, and the yoppers on deck

[Chorus]
[MB] Is you rollin? [4X]
[GM] Bitch I might be [4X]
[MB] Girl he geeked up [4X]
[GM] Bitch I might be [4X]
[GM] Yaaaaahhh!

[Verse 1]
Game choppin like my rims, I'm choppin it up
'Til my 'caine gold like a pimp, I'm fresh as a bud
Plus I'm blowin on the sticky green, so I'm dro'ed up
And I'm rollin on the bean, so the city SLOWED UP~!
My team showed up, so you know we need a party pack
Callin Momma Stash, say she wanna be a part of that
Tell her I'm for real, and I keep a knot folded back
The next thang you know she tossin pills like a quarterback
Guc', I'ma throw it back, stacks I just showed you that
Deuces on the 88, they say I brought the roller back
Fifty for a dollar, hell yeah I can roll with that
Take it to the hood and let, Yatta get ahold of that
Got to be the coldest cat, ice froze the thermostats
Shawty had a Cali tat and Gucci called the Alley Cat
Shot a couple triple stacks and po'd up the iced tea
Slide on my stunna shades; geeked up? I might be

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Said I'm higher than a kite and me geeked up on these pills
Suave Stacks got me actin out, I know that she can tell
that I'm rollin (yeah) like the wheels on a bus
I need a cold Tropicana cause my heart about to bust
Look I'm sweatin like a dog and she askin for some mo'
Gave her couple of blue dolphins and I tell her to go raw
Bright lights lookin psychadelic, I'm off in the zone
Feelin strong like Superman, bitch I bust your dome
Said I'm smokin all the purple and drinkin all the 'gnac up
And I ain't feelin none of that until the next mornin bruh
My stomach fucked up, a couple holes in my brain
But I party like a rockstar, these bitches askin mane!

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Gucci Mane, Laflare nigga, get'cha mind right
Order Crist' by the 12 like a case of Bud Light
Sell kush by the bell so you know my shit tight
7:30 in the mornin on an all night flight
I'm high like Fabo, hood like Shawty
So (Tell Me Where to Go) like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gon' party
Got a party pack of pills that's at least 'bout 40
I'll pour 'em in yo' hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pills call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pills man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal

[Chorus]

[Mac Bre-Z]
Ay whassup Gucci Mane!
Why you sweatin so hard?
Is you rollin or somethin?

[Gucci Mane]
Shit well baby I might be
But got damn what is you doin?
You jockin a playa, you chew-chewy over here right
Look I aint K-Rab baby knahmean I'm not a piece of bubblegum
What I'm doin is not your business
But matter of fact while you over here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress
So do what you do aight I'ma give you this hundred dollars
Go get you whatever you drankin
Bring me and my clique about ten of them orange juices
five Crunk juices and we'll be straight how 'bout that
And is you straight is you single or is you married?
Cause I might be, bitch I might be
Bitch I might be, bitch I might be
YAAAAAAAHH



When I see my plug this how I talk to em
And when I serve my folks this how I talk to em
When I'm with my dawgs this how I talk to em
It's gucci mane la flar I'm finna talk to em

My guala, my partna, mota manana? gracias denada brought me years of dollars
Que pasa amigo? coca mudo necho cohina mucho es grande on the repo
Ese el pablo my barrio your barrio I'm ese my friende you speak real good engles
600 wednesday 5000 tuesday el nombre es gucci no punta no pussy
Ronas and kushi kilos and elbows chito seritas they come from mexico
There he go, 20 tacos got me 50 burritos, s 550 mercedes on flat shoals, que pasa manana
My guala guala, my partna partna, love to treat a nigga to a stingin lobsta, now a nigga owe him a million dollars,
Got me making 10 g's an hour, moneys power, time is money, you don't know the nigga then serve the dummy,
Serve the junkies then ride ashantis

[Hook]

What's the bombaglats my trap-spot, dreadlocks and rastas, rude boys and rude girls,
Jamaican mobsters, I shot the sheriff, smoking bob marley, all of this ecstacy is killing me softly
Turgo and curry, mid grade so pretty, this spots my x spot, can't dodge the red dot, smoking the lala,
Can't get no higher, where is me iya? she sends me fire, where is me lighter, look at me ice-uh,
Step up your neckpiece, I like your wife-uh, I pack a rifle, I love me life-uh,
Put up your hands before, I put up my rifle.

[Hook]

What's up nigga wut it do, I'm good my nigga how are you, half a chicken, whole chicken, quarter chicken
What it move? Bentley coupe on bentley shoes, hell na them ain't 22's, still keep coke in inner tubes,
Plotting on my next buissness move, 26 inch tennis shoes, old school paint it maserati blue,
Brought my gun, but forgot my roof, pulling up with your baby boo, ooh ooh it's you know who,
It's nascar baby what you gonna do, looking for something thick I can screw, paint change
And my diamonds too, trap nigga watch reminding you, my grill and ring be blinding you,
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you, I'm still the same nigga that be shining too,
Trap nigga, watch reminding you, my grill and ring be blinding you,
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you, I'm still the black nigga that be shining too bitch.



[Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X]
Eight, for them O's and a dollar for them balls
Eight throwin stove and some water in a pot
Wait until it's cold then watch it harden on the spot
Straight out the do' and put that product on the block, nigga

[Verse 1]
I'm fin' to bounce back, up out this 20 flat
We got cook up, we got powder, nigga you want that?
I got a fish scale, I burn that white back
Don't need a glass man, I bring that blast back
Niggaz cain't wait 'til I hit the hood and cook it
If you wanna learn fuck nigga start lookin
I knock 'em out solid, shot in a circle
Sell a quarter brick then I cop a ounce of purple
Then the O's for..

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
We got eight for the O's and a dollar for them balls
Soon as I finish my ball might hit the mall
Got stacks on deck and they ten feet tall
(Oh you moochin ass niggaz?) Man y'all money too small
Pyrex check, baking soda check
Then you put that fish scale in that water next
Twelve by twelves, nigga hit your front steps
Serve e'ry fuckin fiend 'til there's nothin left

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
I charge eight for the O's, seventeen for a thirty-six
Nine for a half, fifty-five for a quarter brick
Traphouse, crackhouse, slab a jacker back out
Nigga want some beef then I have to bring the Mack out
Drug deals; eight dollars for the X pill
Put a big bullet hole where you chest is
Never broke but I hope that the boat with the dope
don't sink just float as I sell plenty coke

[Chorus]



[knocking on the door]

Whassup my dude? Shit (Oh whassup man, what's goin on?)
Ain't shit man, chillin man (Alright)
Everything lovely man, what's goin on?
(Nuttin too much, sittin here runnin over these numbers man)
Word, how things lookin?
Boy it's lookin real sweet (Oh yeah?)
We sold like, half a million records on Gucci man
(Word? Okay, okay) Lookin real good
(What the digital lookin like?)
Ay look the digital we already at about 750,000
(How 'bout ringtones?) Ringtones we're about 250,000
(Yeah) Let me back up
We sold this nigga to Atlantic, for $800,000
(Shit, $800,000 nigga, just to sign the nigga)
We sold the nigga! For $800,000
(Aiyyo we still eatin off them other 12 nigga gotta put out)
(And don't forget 'bout that fuckin advance)
(they gotta give up on the second album dog)
Well that's another $250,000
(Yeah we need that)
(We ain't lettin these crackers get away with NUTTIN!)

(We got a issue man)
(This nigga 'round here puttin out diss records on the label)
(and talkin shit about me man)
Man don't even worry about that
(Nigga called me a snitch dog, what kind of shit is that?)
What? (I'm from the motherfuckin streets man)
Man you already know man
(Talk about he fucked my motherfuckin bitch)
(Nigga you know how much I love my muh'fuckin girl nigga)
Man look, look at these numbers
See these numbers? That man we cakin off
You gotta look at what we doin (yeah you right dog)
Knahmsayin? (We makin a lot of money off of this nigga man)
(That's the only thing savin this muh'fuckin nigga dog)
(We got these goons ready to take this nigga head off man)
Don't even worry about that my dog
Go out there, matter fact, go buy you a new whip
(Nah, I got a better idea)
(I'ma buy my bitch a new car on Gucci Mane expense my nigga)
(Straight up) On Gucci, on Gucci Mane? 'Preciate it
Yeah dog don't even worry about that
AND.. Taree talkin 'bout he tryin to give us
$700,000 for some old shit (for old shit nigga?)
(I ain't fuckin with them crackers in New York)
(We puttin out all this shit independent homes)
(Y'knahmsayin? That's how we EATIN right now)
Independent, we don't get mad, we get money
(That's the motto baby) Aight? (That's whassup)
(But hey, any of them niggaz try to come)
(talk to you behind my back about knahmsayin about clippin this nigga)
Hmm (Just tell 'em chill, y'knsahmsayin?) Cool
(Y'know, somethin happen to this fuck nigga)
(E'rybody gon' start lookin at us)
(Cause we BEEFIN right now)
Goons on pause (alright my nigga that's whassup)



She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Gucci]
Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt, Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work, bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet, put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick, make ya sing my ad libs, yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch, Gucci
So icy trap star, fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down, ass up, imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya, tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg, I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg, i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg, i aint even stuntin it

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Lil' Kim]
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl [x2]

Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut, I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass, grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my, Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Ludacris]
I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece, biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Lil' Kim]
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl [x2]
Ohh



[Chorus: repeat 2X]
Them niggaz is gangsters, them niggaz is Shady
Them niggaz got screws loose, them niggaz is crazy
Walk around with they boots loose, tuckin 380's
Standin in the trap screamin fuck you pay me

[Verse]
Nigga I'm one-seven-five wet, movin like Deebo
Boxcutter like a nigga work at Home Depot
Rep for my people, a big Desert Eagle
Shootin at your bucket like a Marbury free throw
Bitches get nothin, zilch I mean zero
Tommy gun sprayed at them niggaz playin hero
Niggaz in the hood don't peep through no peephole
Cameras and motion scanners, try to creep hoe
Most of us iced out, some don't even rock jewels
They in the club for a purpose, and that's to bang the tool
Street smart, I'm far from that college dude
Love gettin good brains, bitches give me knowledge fool
It don't take much, a little weed and the dutch
Couple sips of that Remy, now she wanna fuck
Hoes see a nigga chain swingin wanna touch
Rocks used to be cubed up, now my shit is crushed

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
My pack came in, I want seventeen-five for 'em
Bricks go down when you get more than five on 'em
Packin down to eight, I was holdin that 'tel down
2006 and now we're breakin them bells down
Gucci you the shit, least that what they told me
Catch me in the 6 a nigga right where the show be
I fronted you a nine so five what you owe me
If you don't pay me then it's back to the old me
Cocallina same color the snow be
Haters get found in the Okefenokee
You trap that's cool, I trap to school
I'm trappin boo, but I'm rappin too
Not a role model, hit that purp'
I'm not a role model little shorty hittin up turf
I'm not a role model, hit that purp'
I'm not a role model young nigga cook that work

[Chorus - to fade]



She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Gucci]
Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt, Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work, bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet, put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick, make ya sing my ad libs, yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch, Gucci
So icy trap star, fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down, ass up, imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya, tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg, I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg, i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg, i aint even stuntin it

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Lil' Kim]
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl [x2]

Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut, I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass, grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my, Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Ludacris]
I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece, biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer

[Lil' Kim]
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl, gurl [x2]
Ohh



[Bridge:]
I'm charging 16 fever, 16 fever, nigga my price cheaper, 16 fever

[Chorus: x2]
16 fever coke-I-ina, X pills bubble kush mid grade reefa
Hoes ridin vics dog but I ride beemurs
I swear da red chain'll cost 16 fever

[Verse 1:]
16 5-0, there go 5-0
I'm up 2-5 but I need 4 more
I got uncles blowin bundles, mine do numbers while I drive lambo
Off white yayo digital scale, fish scale sending my pigeons by mail
Bring in my drain folk, ? just bring me that cane folk
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp, my workers don't move nothing less than a bizzurd
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp, my workers don't move for nothing less than a bizzurd

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 2:]
Bricks can't keep em 16 fever, bemmur speakers, geek-a-meters
Misdemeanors several subpeonas, see I'm gone drink up cause we just linked up
The squad been teamed up we cutting off fingers, it's 16 fever and that's since april
My corvette paid for my old school paid for, the hummer roll up that means you assed out
And you didn't cash out see this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out
See this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out, them backs get pushed out

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3:]
I'm scraping the bowl up, I'm whipping up cake mix
But this ain't red velvet don't eat it, ya smoke it
Your options are open, you even can snort it
3 dollar sacks so you know you can score it, say you can't afford it
Yo I can ignore it, well don't call them dope boys you know you feel boring
You know that you feenin you know that you need it, it's gucci I'm greedy, my niggas stay eating

[Chorus x2]



[Intro]
Gucci Mane, Gucci Mane geah
Gucci Mane, Gucci Mane uhh
Gucci Mane, Gucci Mane [2X]
So Icy E-N-T [3X]
It's the kid [2X]
It's the kid again [echoes]

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
Shawty asked me what time it is?
I said it's fifteen minutes past the diamonds bitch
In Laflare, in the cockpit, Gucci the prophet
Bel Air shoppin, West coast hoppin

Gucci! Niggaz get popped still not get Cochran
Now ask Josh Avanta{?} or Egalin{?}
Lawyers, doctors, and policemen
Jewelers, Buellers, and co-pilots
My hood life {?} burn the verse like lightning
My flow so frightening, it not nothin nice man
See I shoot bul-lets and you shoot dice man
It's my life man, so I'ma stay {?}
See I'm no red man, and I'm no white man
I don't pay a car check, my Aston Martin
My chain be shinin, my grill be sparklin
It's Gucci darlin, now whassup shawty?

[Chorus]

Shawty so sexy but she be flexin
Oh he ride Lexus, ooh I fly frequent
Oh he pop bottles, then I'm not drinkin
Oh that smell stinkin, is what I'm just thinkin
This whole outside why didn't you make it?
Oh boy you left it, so bitch I bet ya
In and out the Range with a four dollar outfit
Talkin 'bout your man tell him why you a trick bitch
On to the next one, shawty the best one
From Houston, Texas, damn she vibrant
Crushin, blushin, I got her smilin
The sunburnt eyelids, but I'm not whylin
I'm admirin, she perspirin
The way she dancin, has got me risin
Let's go kick it, let's go shoppin
Tear the mall up girl I'm not poppin

[Chorus]

It's Gucci baby, it's (groovy baby)
The Maybach mango, the inside gravy
My wrist game crazy, connect beez hazy
My 180, the track Fugazi
The black still shady, I know they hate me
The white won't date me, but you won't let up
But you know better, cause you gon' save her
I know you paid her, did her favors
But that's not player, and that's not gangster
My fingers got a pimp {?} cause I'm no banker
See I'm her thinker, battleship sank her
So Icy Entertainment we cuttin off fangers

[Chorus]



Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
24's on the Chevy, look like I'm 'bout to fly

Take flight on a hoe, ride a kite on a bitch
Lear jet coochie when I ride on six's
And I sit high like I ride on switches
Rent it out the ass, dudes barkin', hoes keep lookin'

Shackles wanna jet but they don't keep black
Candy coated Lac with the back pushed back
Shorty smoke thrax, what chu know 'bout that?
Let the top back, the hood catch, cut tax

It's a known fact, Gucci smoke on purp
Old school verdict with the ace on the skirts
It's a tough dash, paint look like glass
Like can't do skatin' and the don't start hatin'

28 D.U.B.s on roll tank, these haters want dates
I tell 'em get chu straight

Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
24's on the chevy, look like I'm bout to fly

Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
Bitches love me, dey niggas hate me, I know why
24's on the chevy, look like I'm bout to fly

That nigga, she just love me
Watch me ride by, wanna fuck me
She me in the club, wanna suck me
Guess that why yo man, he wanna buck me



Is you rollin? [x4]
Bitch I might be [x2]

Girl he geeked up
Girl he geeked up
Bitch I might be [x4]

[Verse 1:]
East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she ain't really pretty but she got a nice body
I'm geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Ain't your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
I'm off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I don't know where I'm goin
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Shawty tellin me she ain't neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I ain't gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband ain't Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans-Jordache Jeans
I don't pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
I'm a the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves that's three
Ain't no waffle house baby hell I can't eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we ain't slept in weeks

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Gucci Mane the flyy nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
I'm high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz that's at least bout 40
I'll pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal

[Chorus]

Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.
Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin. You jockin a playa.
You ch-Chewy ova here right. Look I ain't
(K-Reilly) K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress.
So do what you do iight. I'm a give you this hundred dollars.
Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices, five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be, Bitch I might be, Bitch I might be, Bitch I might be



Head bangers
YEAHHH!
YEAHHH! (UHHH UHHH UHHH UHHH)
YEAHHH! (UHHH)

Gucci mane laflair
It's money in the air
It's ballin over here
It's models over there
It's party over there
We ballin over here
It's gucci mane laflair
This song is out of here
That's what I'm talkin bout
I'm gettin guapped out
And I don't swap it out
Ya better walk it out
Cause if I pull it out
There's nothin to talk about
This what I'm talkin bout
Know what I'm talkin bout
They don't give a fuck
That's what the fuss about
Chickens in the kitchen
That's what I'm talkin bout
And I'll talk ya out
And I'll cross ya out
And I'll move ya out
That's what I'm talkin bout

[CHORUS: x2]
28 inch rims that's what we talkin bout
Million just on our jewels that's what we talkin bout
Birthday cake for the crew that's what we talkin bout
Ya either cash it in or we'll cash ya out

Girl we'll getcha drunk
And then we'll dog you out
Kick you to the curb
That's what the boss about
Know what I'm talkin bout
On some twenty eights
That's what I'm talkin bout
It's sittin so high
I don't see the traffic
But I can see the sky
I just get the cake
But I don't see the pie
Walk through the club
We don't see tha lines
They don't pat us down
So they don't see the nines
Where I party at
Ya know I'm keeping mine
Ya know I'm sneakin mine
Gotta keep in mind
Know what I'm talkin bout
That's what I'm talkin bout
Whatcha talkin bout
So icey bank shop

[CHORUS x2]

Signed with atlantic
Now I'm makin mills
Bitch I might
Gone off of pills
Paint match the wheels
The chain match the grill
Make a record deal
Hundred dollar bills
Know what I'm talkin bout
You don't know about
Pull up to the bank
And snatch a hundred out
Then smash out
To my shawtys house
Let's go shoppin shawty
That's what I'm talkin bout

YYEEAAAHHHH! (PUSSY!)

[CHORUS x2]



(Yeah)
It's Gucci, Gucci
So icy entertainment
Atlantic records, man
(Yeah)

Let's get money, man, it's our year
Pay me fifteen GS, yo track I'll sneeze on it
Ah, choo I'm rich say gazuntie bitch
(Yeah)

Please excuse me, miss, pardon my French
My necklace look like criss yo diamonds, look like piss
I spent a quarter million dollars just to look like this
In the kitchen cookin' chickens, tryna pay my rent
Got a cock eyed bent and a bow legged Benz
Pigeon toed Aston, Martin wit the off set rims

I'm not like them
I done out shined him
I done flat lined him
Gucci, I'm still here
Gucci, don't drink beer

But he does drink don
Hundred thousand dollar murder charge I made
Bond, it's Gucci

I got bird flu, shawty, sellin' bird's my business
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, that's a terrible sickness
(Yeah)
I got bird flu shawty, in the summer, it's Christmas
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, nigga, handle yo business
(It's Gucci)

I got bird flu, shawty, sellin' bird's my business
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, that's a terrible sickness
(Yeah)
I got bird flu shawty, in the summer, it's Christmas
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, nigga, handle yo business
(It's Gucci)

Gucci, done it does, it John Rubert Stoddard
That's colored covered, that's flooded studder
...  Leonard skinner watch sherbet pervert
Look flagerently fun, it's an Aston martin

If you trick didn't notice, watch me, don't lose focus
Trap boys, get bricks athletes, gets trophies
Gucci Mane, get cake, it's my birthday party
Want a sweet sixteen, that's two times forty

Watch look like Diddy, chain look like fifty
Gucci Mane fuck wit me, shawty, move chickens
Shawty, I do live it, wanna take ad lib it
I'm so hood wit it, you hip hop critic

I got bird flu, shawty, sellin' bird's my business
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, that's a terrible sickness
(Yeah)
I got bird flu, shawty, in the summer, it's Christmas
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, nigga handle yo business
(It's Gucci)

I got bird flu, shawty, sellin' bird's my business
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, that's a terrible sickness
(Yeah)
I got bird flu, shawty, in the summer, it's Christmas
(Yeah)
Catch that bird flu, shawty, nigga handle yo business
(It's Gucci)

Uh, uh, it's Gucci
Uh, uh



[Trey Songz:]
Tell em' what ya drinkin 
Ta ta tellem what ya drinkin 
Tell em what ya drinkin 
Ta ta tell em what ya drinkin 

I drink it straight 
Hennensy 
I drink it straight 
E & J 
I drink it straight 
Got grey goose 
Patron in my cup go mix that up 

I drink it straight 
Grand marnier 
I drink it straight 
Absolute 
Paul Masson 
Hennensy in my cup go mix that up 

[Gucci:]
Club nite jumpin 
Maybe roll something 
Later we humpin 
Honey thats nothin 
Somebody girlfriend in this party 
Somebody stop me tha kid done got started 
Somebody gonna get drunk this evenin 
Gucci got street thug more than cleveland



Jyea 

Yea 

Yeaaa...

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna Jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

Your mane is my name 
Gucci is what they call me 
Six months I lost it 
Now bitch I ball it 
Twenty-eight inches 
Got me standin' really tall man 
Tearin' up the mall 
This is just the way I ball man 
Cocaine ounces 
Blue and yellow wristband 
Chain look iceland 
Watch my breitling 
Niggas think ice can 
Gucci think island 
Niggas think charger 
Gucci think 'rrari 
-sorry, 
Murcialago I park it 
Inside peanut butter 
Outside change it 
Now outside 
Get it inside stranger 
Diamonds look mustard 
S 600 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

I enter to the club 
Im lookin for a girl 
She lookin for a thug 
Like I'm lookin for a pull 
I bought a pack of bullets 
I showed her lot of jewels 
I gotta lot shows, see 
I really gotta know 
But I ain't gotta know 
I'm standing real low 
I'm backin out my auntie 
How she says she doesn't know 
She put at the house 
And I'm back in the drought 
And it made me feel real good 
When I came back with that phat 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

Im south beach in miami 
Ready in my ferrari 
Officer shinin' rounds 
On my 07' astin martin 
Baby got a jaguar 
But I like his 'rarri 
Watch by jaeger 
But my shoes are made by 'marri 
Stepped on your boyfriend 
Didnt say sorry 
Licky licky licky 
Heres comes gucci 
Stepped on your boyfriend 
Didnt say sorry 
Licky licky licky 
Heres comes gucci 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line



[CHORUS:]
And you want me to give you all of my heart
All of my love
But you don't love me (YEAHHH!)
And you keep on sayin that's how you are
But that ain't good enough
Cause you don't love me (GUCCI!)
And you want me to think that were gonna pass
So I keep coming back (Letoya Luckett what's happenin)
You say it might be
But baby that ain't
Gonna be good enough
So there ain't no us
Cause you don't love me

I'm a zone 6 nigga so it ain't nothin to it
Yo man won't beat it up but guess what (I'll DO IT) [x4]
I'll beat that thang like I'm performin
Ya hate me now but you gon' love me in the mornin (YEAHHH)
Flash flood warning I'm in the club stormin (GO GO GO GO, STOP!)
Girls choosing shawty but I'll come and getcha toy friend
High than a martian I'm round the wheel of fortune (ITS GUCCI)
You my vandal right and even rich hoes thank you gorgeous (WELL DAMN!)
The way you put it down you remind me of my porscha (WOW)
And I'm not bein arrogant I'm just tryin being cautious (WOW)
I'm so scared of coming admit it make me nausious (EGHHH)
I don't love ya girl but I still think ya gorgeous (YEAHHH)

[x2:]
G love baby all I'll give ya
Cause you don't fell in love
With a real street nigga

(GUCCI!)

[CHORUS]

One day you gonna find me (GO!)
And I wanna rehighment (GO!)
Find some other guy friend
That meet all ya requirments (STOP)
I can even lie damn a dime you a diamond (BLING)
And if I laced up to ya you give it to hidesman
Rubbin on ya theighs and I'm lookin in ya eyes and
It's hard to decide man love's so hard to find man
Gucci not a blind man but gucci still a bachelor
Get me off a substance give him all the extra
Gucci man I bless ya love to caress ya
One thing I'll never do put you under pressure
Gucci man done bless ya I love to caress ya
One thing I would never do is put you under pressure

[x2:]
G love baby all I'll give ya
Cause you don't fell in love
With a real street nigga
(Say it again) [x2]
(GUCCI!)

[CHORUS]

[x2:]
G love baby all I'll give ya
Cause you don't fell in love
With a real street nigga

(GUCCI!)

(YEAHHH)

Baby tell me why
Why ya don't love me
Why ya don't love me
OH NO!



Burn up our door, 
Hard wood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Bricks going in, 
Birds going out, 
I stashed a 100 mill, 
Off in my stash house 

[x3]
Order room 2 
Order room 1 (Im in my Stash House) 
Especially for tonight, it's some Shawty Redd drums. 

Burn up our door, 
Hardwood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Come on in cash out, 
Birds in a drought, 
Hole lot of soft, 
In my stash house 

If it don't jump the first time, cook it again, 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten, 
Den, den call him again, den call da dope man, den call him again. 

I'm so gangsta and he's so corny, 
I'm so hood that the hoes get horny, 
07 corvette I'm off set shortys, 
If those the new 20 then order me forty, 
Gucci mane rabbit drums made by shorty, 
The hood say we waz up like bartie, 
Ralph Laurens seats with the polo cut, 
71 chevelle an they sittin on bucketz 
76 of elz and dey sittin on shanti's, 
The kid straight bluntin smokin top knot chrionic, 
A pound of what we smoke cost 95,000 
I smoke it all day back to back its nothing 
Gucci mane trick on a bitch no cuffin, 
Baby suck my dick I gave her 2 clean hundreds, 
I Didn't have a deal niggas thought it wasn't comin,
Never spint a rap check yet no stuttin it's Gucci. 

Burn up our door, 
Hard wood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Bricks going in, 
Birds going out, 
I stashed a 100 mill, 
Off in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 

Burn up our door, 
Hardwood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Come on in cash out, 
Birds in a drought, 
Hole lot of soft, 
I'm in my stash house, 

If it don't jump the first time, cook it again, 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten, 
Den,den call him again, den call da dope man, den call him again 

Headed up I-10 With a couple of hens, 
In a bubbled eyed Benz cuz I'm gettin it in, 
Gotta a team of kickmen, 
I be sendin them in, 
Kickin doorz off da hinges tryna cop by the ten, 
If a nigga touch a hair on my chiny chin chin, 
On my chin chiller trench, then we spending a ben,
Gotta russian armor handgun, it's my bestfriend, 
Shawty redd in da bentley, Gucci mane in the baby, 
Drop a baby in the pot,it do what it doez, 
When I pull it out the pot I'ma serve it to cuz, 
Heavy wrist activity, that started my buzz, 
White diamonds in the bart look like lil light bulbs it's Gucci 

Burn up our door, 
Hard wood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Bricks going in, 
Birds going out, 
I stashed a 100 mill, 
Off in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 

Burn up our door, 
Hardwood floor, 
Money on the table, 
I'm in my stash house, 
Come on in cash out, 
Birds in a drought, 
Hole lot of soft, 
I'm in my stash house, 

If it don't jump the first time, cook it again, 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten, 
Den,den call him again, den call da dope man, den call him again



Gucci huh huh huh yeeaahh yeeaahh 
I count a hundred gran den I ate sum cereal 
Stuff a half a brickie n a box of cherrios 
Ho's like Guccie I done seen ya video 
2 Atlanta cars all stretch interior 
20 million dollars n da seat iz you serious 
Sum millions of front 4da kids dey furious 
G4 flights club like dey hearin me 
Diz iz nitti beat 
I dont think dat hearin me 
80 thousand dollars 4 a track you kiddin me 
Gucci Mane back n dey cant get rid of me 
A multi million dollar business I'm bout 2 finna b 
A one of six n part 2 bell on my jewelery 
Ya girl wuz a jewelor seen da bulor 
I roc so much ice I should of bought my cooler 
Ya girl want 2 layup 
Seen da jacob 
Crazy color chain lookin like a laser huh 

[CHORUS:]
A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girl too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She said yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2, wanna hit diz mid Gucci 
Shit dog I'm cool 
Im Cool (yeeaahh) 
She cool (yeeaahh) 
He Cool (yeeaahh) 
We Cool (yeeaahh) 
Be Cool (yeeaahh) 
Do you (yeeaahh) 
Not you (yeeaahh) 
Cuz we cool (yeeaahh) 

I got eight bedrooms wit layside view 
Own eight mazaradi's wit da off set boots 
Last year did time I wuz on da 2 
Camillio painted old school means a change n view 
Murda charge gun charge acavated assault 
First day outta jail man I bought da bar 
Second day outta jail man I bought da car 
Everyday of da week I fuckin den it 4 yall 
Gotta take every girl 2 a different mall 
Southern cathlic physic placid man I luv 2ball 
Cake boy cake girl man I luv dem all 
Got 40 thousand dollars n my Gucci draws pu**y 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 

[CHORUS:]
A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girls too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She say yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2, wanna hit diz mid Gucci 
Shit dog I'm cool 
Im Cool (yeeaahh) 
She Cool (yeeaahh) 
He Cool (yeeaahh) 
We Cool (yeeaahh) 
Be Cool (yeeaahh) 
Do you (yeeaahh) 
Not you (yeeaahh) 
Cuz we cool (yeeaahh)



I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent

Shawty rap about gucci stay strapped with a uzi
Murder 1 platinum eatin justice by tuesday
It's gucci mane excuse me dawg I'm makin my music
For facin me a nigga fight about what a toothpick?
I did 6 months incident with a pool stick
They found a nigga guilty still say ain't do shit
Major league minor league was indipendent
I moved on shawty gucci handled his business
And I ain't goin back to jail god is my witness
I'm grinnin so hard it look like it's a picnic
So icey entertainment in atlantic
I'm trapped in spanish for slayin them dragons
Nigga

I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent

I'm chef boy ardee and I'm cookin a QB
I'm whippin up the gravy the feins say that it's tasty
I'm up 980 soulja strapped like the navy
It's fuck you pay me bitch what you done lately
I growed up crazy boy 1980
A true trapy babybitch this ok maybe
The streets raised me I drove my kinfolks crazy
Rather buy purp then pleasure
Gucci won't mean lazy Nigga

I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent Shawty

From start to the finish gucci mane the apprentice
So every word letter I had lived every sentence
This perfectly place created an indention
I'm trappin and cursin for rappin the chinese
Down south finest it's gucci your hinus
Crazy color diamonds they got me shinin (TRUE!)
Bitch arms up climbin up a cut like tyson
I'm big cruz diamond but got no license
Lanes talk senseless G's you silence
And you can these dog but I use violence
I'm trappin like a house over trap house cloudy
Your stones cloudy so your not balling

My down south swag got the fine hoes callin
My swag so norm and my grill so gnawless
My down south swag got the fine hoes callin
My swag so norm and my grill so gnawless

I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens shawty
I'm moving chickens
I move chickens
In the kitchen cookin chicken tryin to pay my rent Shawty



[Verse 1: Shawnna]
Shawnna got a 'lac sittin' on tres
Shawnna don't need no nigga I'm paid
Shawnna got stacks
Shawnna got grip
Shawnna got that so you better not slip
I'm posted on tha block
My girls tippin' dro
This cafe patron got me sippin real slow
I'm lookin like a star
Ice on my neck
Ice on my wrist
Ice on my chest
You might wanna fit but I ain't on that
I'm way fucked up
I'm way tore back
And I don't give a fuck I got it like that
They took a niggas juice
I got it right back
And now they like 'damn'
Now they like 'amazing'
Tondra roll 4, 5 blunts and we blazin'
Look at shawty gazin'
He lookin like he want me
I'm sorry little daddy
I'm tryna get ya homie

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
Squares can't call her (Squares can't call her)

Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
She only date ballers (It's miss Shawnna)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I'm Gucci Mane Laflare, I'm MVP
I know your baby mama real proud of me
The Benz line say they get tired of me
I'm young kush man I sell nothin but QP's
Shawnna so fine, Gucci mane I'm good
She so pretty, but still so hood
Hey little darling, How you shawty?
I'm so marvelous, I can't call it
I'm so southern, you so northern
We so crack rock, they so corny
It's two-thirty early, I'm horny
The way I cook a brick It's like I'm doin a performance
All eyes on we, Homegirl want me
Say he on tha track, So tha track real funky
Pants red monkey, Gucci go donkey
Niggaz play crazy, get left stanky

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
Squares can't call her (Squares can't call her)

Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
She only date ballers (It's miss Shawnna)

[Verse 3: Shawnna]
Ay
Shawnna
I wrote the first 3
For bitches in tha hood
My and 1 bitches
Smokin on tha good
Sittin on tha porch
Sippin on tha 'gnac
Or posted in tha parking lot
Sittin on tha 'lac
Them bitches got weight
Them bitches got work
Them bitches wanna trip
Them bitches gettin murked
And stick em in tha dirt
And gone bout our business
And it ain't nothin personal
It's all bout tha figures
It's M.O.E
Till a bitch a dead
And I don't give a fuck bout what a bitch said
I'm still gettin money
I'm still gettin rich
I'm still that woman that will take your dick
Yeah tha truth hurts
You still gotta face it
I spent ya whole deal on my ring and my braclet
It's top notch twat
Cream of tha crop
I'm beatin down ya block
And let the choppers Chop Chop Chop Chop Chop Chop

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
Squares can't call her (Squares can't call her)

Lames can't call her (Lames can't call her)
All she date is ballers (She only date ballers)
Shawty got a fetish (For boys who go get it)
She only date ballers (It's miss Shawnna)



[Intro:]
[inhales deeply] Huh? Awww man
That good kush - this kush is PERFECT!!
I'm really smokin - DJ Speedy, track PERFECT!!
Really perkin - So Icey, we PERFECT!!
Well we the shit - my record label is PERFECT!!
(Speedy you're a fool for this one)

[Chorus:]
Run it back just like I'm a runningback
While my diamonds doin jumpin jacks my pockets gettin fat (gettin fat)
I'm gettin fat (gettin fat) obese (obese)
I won't stop man I just keep eatin (keep eatin)
Dear meat (dear meat) let's feast (let's feast)
Dear Lord I thank you for this beef
Dear meat (dear meat) let's feast (let's feast)
Oh Lord thank you for this beef

It's no sweat but I keep good Keith (good Keith)
That strong loud kush they call it Irene (they call it Irene)
Sixteen with about ten G's (ten G's)
And Spike Lee was screamin (Do the Right Thing) (Do the Right THing)
Not us (not us) not me (not me)
Got 49 cent in my Guess jeans (Guess jeans)
And my chain (my chain) is one mill' (one mill')
That's one mill' more than your deal (your deal)
I'm so trill (so trill) large bills (large bills)
I'm sittin tall, grill it come from Paul Wall
No cocallins shawty, yeah I keep the Paul Wall
The Lil Wyte, the Eminem, you know the (8 Mile)
Gucci!!

[Chorus]

Now it don't stop 'til the fat girls sings ('til the fat girl sings)
When it's over hit 'em with the violins (hit 'em with the 'lins)
Go [6X] - bring the beat back!
Do you like the violins? (Like the Violins?)
Matter fact, drop the beat and play the strings
Go [6X] - bring the beat back
Beat so hard I ain't gotta say a thing (say it)
One Mane, two chains, three knots and fo' rangs
Eight please, excuse me, that's fo' on both hands
I'm Mr. Perfect run Mane Mane, Gucci Mane
Gucci!!

[Chorus]

This for my lil' brother Nate, he ain't even thirteen
Tell Meagan Uncle Gucci say good and stay sweet
Like my children and my auntie, my niece is pretty
Love my momma more than my Hummer on Ashantis
Love my brother 50 and I know that nigga love me
Love Walker Wood Warren, R.I.P. to Raliegh
Shout out to Uncle Joe and my Uncle Bentley
Speedy beatbox on the track, take it to Jamica Queens
{"BEATBOX!"} Go, go, go ahead and drop the strings
{"DAAAAMN!"} It's Gucci!!

[Chorus - repeat 2X]



[Chorus]
I got the stove on, and get the pie... hot
It's fin' to get hot
So put your mask on, and lick some shots... hot
It's fin' to get hot

Man the whip gon' be a cold summer
Ice on my Bentley so that means I got a cold stormer
(YEAHHH!) And my watch it cost a cool hundred
Ch'all cost me two hundred flexin with the new money
Brr - got that don't know what to do money
Put it in the 7, got my old school lookin too funny
Hahaha, and this paint job cost a cool twenty
Gotta watch my 2 junkies, burnin on that good chronic
Huh? A flat 40 and my rim Mikey
Try to CEO I leave you flunky like a damn donkey
Geah, I hope you heard what I just said homey
Thought you were my dog 'til that nigga put the fes on me
So nigga go and tell on me
I'ma get this bread homey, I ain't never scared homey
Huh? Hope you heard what I just said homey
You can go and tell on me, I'ma get this bread homey

[Chorus]

In the club on that good burnin
Shorty smokin weed but it smellin like that wood burnin
Stop! In Magic City on a good Monday
Got it rainin good money, hoes make it good for me
Go go go, I told lil' momma what she could do for me
Shorty kept it hood, lil' momma out here catchin jewels for me
I told my flunkie need to see somethin
Shorty she don't ride but she took G down to the 10 for me
Uhh, and I let her get it in for me
Comin through the outfit right now strapped down with them things for me
Uhh, and that girl know how to spend money
Baby want that real money, show you how to lay in money
(Yeahhh!) I told her all I do is cash hundreds
Lookin like that cash money, out here makin fast money
Uhh, but nigga if you trick your last money
If you trick your last money, nigga you a damn dummy

[Chorus]

I hit the club, gon' leave my car runnin
Why you leave your car runnin? I'm just gon' be five minutes
(Zoom) Man I pull me about 9 women
It did take me 9 minutes, but I needed 9 jimmies
(Yeahhh!) Make these girls grant all my 9 wishes
All you player haters need to get the fuck out my bid'ness
Uhh, man I think I got 'bout 9 Hemmes
9 millimeter on me and he got the 9 for me

[Chorus - repeat 2X (to fade)]



[Intro]
Geah, geah, Gucci
Geah, geah, Juice
Zay we eskimos
Whassup Juan T? Boss Lady?
Geah, E.A., E.A., E.A., I mean
E.A., E.A., E.A., I mean
This a block party nigga, you serve the blocks nigga
or you ain't comin nigga, geah, Atlanta

[Chorus 2X:]
It's my party, buy a dub if you want to
30 if you want to, 40 then I front you
A block on a plate, take a line if you want to
You know that you want to, I know what'chu gonna do

10 and a half, 30 bags in a drought (Gucci!)
Gucci run the 6 with a pot in the vault
Hey yeah I roll, hey yeah I steal
Hey yeah I smoke drink and pop pills (yeah)
Nigga this my party, where do you live? (Huh?)
Who let you in, how'd you get here?
Gucci go bonkers, man the flow's monster
Old folks wonder how I ride Hummer
Corvette, old school, Verte look like Tonka
Fo' deep gangsta, negro wood rocker
Chopper, flames jump out just like Flocka
Nigga drop us be missin like Jimmy Hoffa

[Chorus]

Eskimos baby, where the igloo at?
I'm double if you cut me my wet might leak out
Million dollar traphouse, and I just cashed out (whassup Juice?)
Got the red car cause it can't mace{?} out
And I bring packs out, thrice house, sex out
It's my block, this where them feds get slammed out (yeah)
and issue that crack out (yeah) two chicks at my crack house (yeah)
Can I suck your dick? Hell nah you junkie bitch
Can't touch my work or dick your worthless piece of shit
I'm up three million, and that's just here licks
I sell white icks, on to that bass bricks
Save your compartment, save the deposit
Glock no safety, I already cocked it
Gucci two bands, can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit, the feds keep watchin
Gucci two bands, can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit, the feds keep watchin (Gucci)

[Chorus]

I turned my Glock, to a Mac, with a 30 round clip
Everybody step back, I'm fin' to let this fucker rip
Nigga don't slip, sniper rifle equal
Street sweeper hit that ass here the bill on the igloo
Buy the tips, and the Glock, bet that sink your battleship
Pussy bwoy, musta thought, Gucci Mane wouldn't rip
Who the hell you think I am? Musta thought I was a bitch
Last time I took a piss, man I knew I had a dick - PUSSY!

[Chorus]



See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

Send on my jacky baby, call her terry bracelet baby
Bart one was spent 'bout 20 G, Gucci drop three eighty baby
Multicolor carrot tee, my necklaces are heavy mane
Hit the club then leave the club then come back with another chain

Mighty mouse is icy dog, Bart shit is just stupid
Yellow, blue, black, green and white, the diamonds match the groupies
Digitally enhance stones, pink is like a movie
Truly I'm a walkin' lick, Gucci man the talkin' brick

If you ain't gonna talk to chickens dog who you talkin' to?
7:30 in the kitchen, Nate, Nate about to go to school
Saturday I'm cookin' chickens, momma about to go to work
Sunday Gucci cookin' chickens, granny about to go to church

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

Heavy wrist activity got me livin' lovely
Cocka nina, heaven land, cocka nina shawty
Breakin' down ten chickens, dog about to cook the shake up
All these extra grams might as well go buy a Jacob

Gucci man for mayor, Gucci man so player
Repin' East Atlanta, that's ten minutes from Decatur
Almost match are cars and are belts going to match are gators
You can't swang like Gucci 'cause you don't got enough flavor

Heavy on the lickerish, industry ridiculous
Bitches I'm magnificent, I'm not very articulate

Gucci what's the penalty, shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine, every day is Christmas
Gucci what's the penalty, shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine, every day is Christmas

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

My girlfriend say she love me but it's just the jewelry
Multicolor carrots got your girlfriend kinda curious
First I drop my verses and then I go and drop the chorus
Then I'm out the booth back to my trap, you know I'm mournin'

'74 restored it, Beethoven recorded
Say you charging 30 like that Gucci can't afford it
Gucci chargin' 40 dog, that's a couple birdies
Gucci stoopid jewelry dog, I don't think you herd me

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids, BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci, Gucci and my diamond's fruity



[Ox from Belly]
Aiyyo! Y'all hear me? (sniff, sniff)
Welcome to Murder City pussy claat (sniff)
We got you now (sniff)
Welcome to Murder City big claat
Magic go to the Ox welcome to Murder City pussy (sniff)
An who wan' war? An who wan' war?
COMIN IN!!



[Intro: Ox]
Ital, original Don Dada say
The motherfuckin saga just begun
WARNING! Warning, cinder boots
Sunk in the mud, I am

[Chorus: Ox]
(Killin, killin, killin) The original, WAR! So
Kill dem pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Send a man, no mind our business or die tonight
Or tell him ass again that 'im end soon come
Before 'im come, mi Gucci Mane come
Before 'im come, de Don Dada come
When we come, it's a battle gun come
Pussy gwan see we, and started to run
But - nowhere to 'ide, me-say nowhere to run
Infrared light might dead 'pon we gun
See 'im place the spot them a dead 'im fall down so
Kill him pussy, we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy, kill dem fi fun

[Gucci Mane]
Man I murder fo' fun but my job is never done
From morning morn' to the setting of the sun
Bad men come come, come get murdered for fun
The hundred round drum in my tommy gun
Be a cat in the Hum' I'll cut out your tongue
Me and Ox, man we murder fo' fun
Talk talk bad man, come get murdered fo' fun
The Gucci Mane, man I murder fo' fun
See my momma ain't raised no bitch-ass nigga
Never heard Gucci Mane no snitch-ass nigga
When you dealin with a vet, don't bring a rookie
Tell Young Jeezy that I smell pussy
The top shotter with the Don Dada
The whole hood is a done daddah
M holla to the state of Nevada
Put a hole in your fuckin oblongota pussy

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Big Cat is a Army, better yet a Navy
Try to kill Gucci Mane, bitch it ain't crazy
Tell Jeezy it's a bullet with his name on it
A ten thousand dollar hit, he put my chain on it
Ye ain't heard about it? You ain't seen the news?
Ye ain't read the paper? You fuckin player hater
Bird brain-ass nigga perpetratin the boss
Might think you won one but you really done lost, bitch!

[Chorus]



[Chorus 2X: Gucci Mane]
I got trap money, I got trap-I got trap [2X]
I got 20 for a show, but it's really rap money
20 for a hoe and that's really trap money

[B.A.]
B.A.!!
Blue lights flashin, checkin out my mansion
Gangster so flashy, Louis Vuitton magnum
How he out here swaggin? Dat be what they askin
I drop the white crease, call it dope boy magic
Dopeology, you should take one of my classes
Hit me in the hood, red carpet, pants saggin
Rob you on Front Street in 75 classic
My potnahs know I'm good in the hood besides rappin
I got trap money cabin, it's 30 if you askin
D trap money lavish, ain't gotta make it rappin
Fruity bezel the cabbage, them country niggaz taxin
Ballin like Maverick, blowin loud in the traffic
I robbed a nigga twosie in some Rap Lord fashion
Say young'n in the hood, I'm a trap money addict
Cartier glasses, you see that I got money
I wake up early in the mornin I need me some trap money

[Chorus]

[Mook]
Mook!
20 Benz back, you see a nigga, that's my pack money
Look I ain't got no record deal so no it ain't no rap money
You see the stack in my jeans, I can't fit no rubber band
22 on cents, I'ma wrap it 'round them
And first I unload the tractor, bust 'em out the wrapper
Get 'em to my trappers and they bring me back them rat chicks
Bust off goin fast, you can call it cheetah girl
When I get the panky you know I'm water whippin her
No top on the whip, tank top Louis V
You can call me tank top cause all I do is wifebeat
Talkin smart on the phone, price just gone up
Take it or leave it homeboy, either way I give a fuck
Pot cold, LB's, kush by the O-Z's
Yeah I sell 'em for the low and get 'em for the dirt cheap
Get in just how you want, I'm a walkin trap sto'
Well connected nigga courtesy of my amigos
Flyin down 20 East, trunk full of dirty birdies
In the middle of the drought we let them bitches fly for 30
In the kitchen cuttin work I gotta do my two-step
Yeah I'm bad leg trappin, bring it to your front stop
Now I'm on Y-65, just got off I-10
In the handicap van, fill it up with midgets man
I mean the good I know is show and it ain't come from rappin money
Ten bands, all tens, nigga that's my trap money

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Yup! Yup!
Gucci Mane in this motherfucker (Gucci Gucci)
My nigga Zo' on the track (my nigga Zo')
That real shit, that real shit

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
I'm a hood rich nigga, I ain't never had shit
I really ain't shit; niggaz talkin 'bout me
but they really ain't shit, they ain't said shit
It don't make dollars, it don't make cents/sense

I ain't never had shit nigga that's the truth
Rich kids in the school used to draw on my shoes
Name stayed on the board, fo' checks in chalk
In detention cause the teacher say that we can't talk
Counselor raggin and my momma got that I just walk
I wish I had a nickel for every fight I fought
Stealin candy out the sto' like I can't get caught
Just a lil' bad black boy, it ain't my fault
After school snack syrup and fo' pieces of bread
Granddaddy why yo' eyes so God damn red?
"Got a real soft ass and a hard-ass head
Better mind your fuckin manners boy," that's what he said

[Chorus]

I moved to East Atlanta at the age of 9
Real cold winter, 1989
My brother good at ball, I can't play no sports
They won't let you pack a tool on the b-ball court
Cluster Ave, Monty Paul, where my daddy now?
Things goin alright, we a family now
Got the dopeman Nikes and the Starter coat
Only nigga in school with the dopeman rope
Pull the joint two times, man I'm high already
I like that girl with them braids and them high-top Chevys
Got that bump for stick-up, Starter and the big boy chest
Tried to take it on the train but I just couldn't let him

[Chorus]

14 gettin drunk at a house party
They locked me up, they must have hid a half a ounce on me
Momma mad as a mother', daddy let him be
Gucci Mane, raised me to be a straight up G 
Now my daddy hustle hard, but he love sum liquor
And my momma wanna leave him but she love the nigga
Everything kinda changed when I turned 16
Got the old school Regal with the chrome back rings
Like a newborn baby, man that bitch clean
But the motor fucked up and the transmission
and it's knockin down the street with the 415's
In Mackmile parkin lot, stright whipping
And I'm Bankhead bouncin, fo' hoes want me
Hit the half and give me two dimes for 15
And my mind's on gettin reach by all means
In the trap, cause this rap shit was just my dream

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Big Cat Records

[Chorus]
Diamonds hello yellow fellow
Mellow yellow diamond bezel
Aqua water, toilet water
Pissin yellow, shit mellow
Club light, club night
Shorty got a hella chain
Hella cake, hella fame
Drop top Corvette yellow thang

DeVille on the watch, chain, earring and ring shit
Hangin with the dope boys, cause they on the same shit
Blues got evicted, shorty think she seein things
Boy, I start on a skateboard and he skate man
Dope, be 180 mane, got these rappers hatin mane
Got it fo' Atlanta mane, brought it out my trappin game
Whole lot of traffic mane, bein mojo, stackin change
Tattoo of that yellow rang, shorty got a yellow chain

[Chorus]

Cracy color cherry chain, same color my baby ass
Sellin white and smokin green, shiny yellow diamond cream
Time to work no time to play, every day I'm off in yay
Usin cocallina, choosin demi jewelry, boss excused
{?} runnin, scare a cover, ketchup stones and yellow mustard
Red, black and green bright, call the piece the motherland
All white earring, cost me damn near 80 grand
Five time zone change, what's the time in Pakistan?
Homeboy got a leather belt, Gucci flood it platinum belt
Crazy color karats, bitch went platinum, call it kuatinum
Shorty drunk just chewin his stacks, say that boy quadruple that
Gucci draw 200 ranks, how he gon' keep up with that?

[Chorus]

Scoopy fruity icey part, the piece that'll change your heart
Gucci Mane up in your part, border diamonds yellow market
Ice stones, ringtone, green stones, cell phone
X-5, fifty on offset, all tones

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Big Cat Records



[Intro: Selassie]
Ay! DJ Speedy (Speedy)
You a fool for this one (for this one)
Selassie, Ice (Ice)
We still, rock steady (rock steady)
Gucci Mane, where you at?

[Gucci Mane]
YEAHHH! I'm not your baby daddy
I'm your sugar daddy, too much money on me
I can buy you all drinks, everything is on me
You can smoke and eat free, I'm in the V-I-P
Baby come and see me, G-U double-C I
M-A-N-E, I'm (So Icey)
You done heard about me, but enough about me
Let's talk about we, come lie on my sheets
I'ma lay in you deep, like a Lamborghini
Girl you represents me, and you must look cute
Cause you represent me, I'm the President Bill
You my Hilary, but you try an' diss me
I'ma call on whiskey, need a black lady
independent Oprah Winfrey, ask Oprah Winfrey
Has she heard about me? Spread the word about me
If you leave your plan A, I can be your plan B
Gucci!

[Chorus: Selassie]
Lambo, like a Lambo
Get low to the earth like a Lambo
Baby stick your hands up like a Lambo
Go slow, go fast like a Lambo
Oh she looks like a Lambo, like a Lambo
Baby body bangin harder than a Lambo
Baby put her hands up like a Lambo
She remind me of a Murcielago

[Gucci Mane]
Like a Lamborghini, shorty very pricey
She can be your wifey could say that shorty might be
But I think she like me, least I think she like G's
All the G's on her bag, how she couldn't like me?
(Gucci) How she wouldn't like me? Your man wanna bite me
But he shouldn't, now you runnin like a Lamborghini
Shorty fine as a scene, Jet beauty this week
She as top notch as Jet, but she a stone cold freak
Ridin down to South Beach, 'bout 4 or 5 drinks
Jumped in a 'Lago, doors up, you don't say
Gucci Mane, Selassie, girl we extra ic-ey
Wanna owe it to Atlanta, pussy nigga don't say
I'ma pay like I weigh, every day my payday
Every day our payday, we in the Lamborghini
I'ma pay like I weigh, every day my payday
Every day our payday, we in the Lamborghini

[Chorus]

[Selassie]
And she know she good, when she up in the hood
Because she got that good, that's what they say in the hood
Yeah so you can ask Mr. Gucci, excuse me, Mr. Icey
Baby girl yeah say she wanna be your wifey
She dress real pricey, her head game nice B
Plus she says she got a girl who like me

[Chorus]



[Chorus: repeat 2X]
The way my wrist glist' I make a hood bitch say "Damn!"
My neck-lace represent the fact I go ham
It's lonely up here, man I need to come down
So many O's I made the bank teller pass out

My trap house floors lookin like a Magic City Monday
But ain't no singles, it's just big head hundreds
My car's gettin watched by this ugly-ass junkie
I keep laughin like a woman but it ain't shit funny (ha)
I'm posted in the trap and my country boys comin
I'm hood rich bitch, still servin two dummies
I'm gettin on your nerves cause Gucci got money
The charm is absurd but the rims are all shiny

[Chorus]

I mic check, I mic check, now it's time the chicken talk
One scratch on my Nike checks, I cop another pair
I got stacks on deck, make the girl break her neck
when she hit the bubble kush the bitch coughed up her breakfast
I'm the realest make a bet, I bet the checks don't bounce
So much cash in the bag I make accountants lose count
Your girl say she love to see a thug iced out
With me and Speedy on the track it's the return of chicken talk
Gucci!

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Geah [echoes], Gucci [echoes]
Gucci Mane, LaFlare, yeah
(A lot of niggaz thought we couldn't have pulled it off Gucci)
(But, guess what, we here, we sellin units)
(We doin real big AND we eatin, the whole plate)
The whole fuckin plate man; ain't no cuts on this shit man
Ain't no middleman in this shit, we want all the fuckin money man
We get all the money, independent where it's at man
I'ma tell y'all independents like this
If you want the blueprint to this shit, watch Gucci Mane

Gucci overdooz it, does it, the boy's perfect
Neck piece flooded, it's color scattered and covered
I'm worth nine hundred God damn I spent a hundred
But that's rap money, when trappin that cash nothin
I'm internet surfin, tourin grillin and turfin
Speedboat racin, jet skiing and golfin
Crazy color Jordans, same color the ballin
Bitch I bet up on it, I'm rich my dear regardless
Shrimp scampi odor every time I flaunt chick
Trap nigga conversate, with a Harvard smart bitch
I'm young rich and heartless, put you on a carton
Cartoon jewelry customized by my artist
Six months locked, got a head start bitch
I was nigga rich befo' I ever got a rap check
Yellow Corvette same color Moet
Paid twenty grand just to get every stone set

[Chorus]
Big black hollow tips that's what the sig spit
Hataz try me they'll get shot in the kidneys (blaow)
Dislodge bullets real fast what a chop' do (blaow)
I'm Gucci Mane, LaFlare, I tote a glock like a cop do
We don't talk to strangers, we cop bangers
Trappin at night man, it might get dangerous
But I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz
I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz!

I'm shittin on these rappers like I'm wearin a Pamper
I'm sittin on five hundred cause I got it together
Niggaz never try niggaz that set examples
I'ma eat a shawty sunnyside or the scramble
The port of Miami, to the streets of my 'lanta
The pinkie with the light stone match your encounter
I'm Gucci Mane, LaFlare, they call me Gucci Montana
I'm Boston, Georgia, Florida, Macon, Tampa and 'Bama
My Mississipi niggaz feel me harder than Banner
Haters see my video they switchin the channel
Gucci got pieces, shawty go get'cha camera
And Gucci time is money bitch, so go get it faster
Cause I could give a damn about your father's a pastor
Because I smoke your father then yo' ass is a bastard
Gucci smokin weed, so you know he's a hazard
Money's on my mind, bitches don't really matter

[Chorus]

My money so big it can't fit in my matress
Devil bought the actress cause I signed with Atlantic
One fifty cursin while trappin in Spanish
Forty in my pocket turn yo' head to some Manwich
Boss of your boss man, I push the Porsches
My million dollar chain got me feelin important
Jumped off early and copped me a fort
Major moves with money like the (King of New York)
Gucci go and get it while them hoes get abortions
Shittin on a bitch, take a piss on they Jordans
Rappers want promotion, Gucci Mane want the package
The scale in the bag, bitch pay me on the back end
Hamiltons and Washingtons, Franklins and Jacksons
Trapper never trip, I just added the fractions
New bitch waggin, brand new mansion
And everything designer from my jeans to my glasses

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Gangs
GEAH, GEAH, GEAH, GEAH

[Chorus]
Gangs, let's start a gang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
These thangs, let's start again
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
So Icey boy, that's the thang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
This gang - wanna join the gang
So Ice boy nigga that's the thang
This gang

[Gucci Mane]
'Fore you join the gang gotta change your name (yeahhh)
Sound is So Icey, change your slang
Hot boys, hot girls, blaze ya {?}
Crip greens rice, law enforcement treys
Simple plain shorty I'll bang ya brain (POW!)
Don't get it twisted shorty I'll cock and aim
Gucci got guns with beams and thangs (huh)
The runners got stupid had dreams of thangs (yeahhh)
Black Chuck Taylors with the screens and thangs
Cause everybody say they wanna join the gang
Black Chuck Taylors, red shoestrings and thangs
Cause e'rybody say they wanna join my gang
It's Gucci

[Chorus]

[Biz]
Shouts out to the red and the blue gangs
And them boys with the black flags gettin money mane
I get that pepperjack cheese, boy that's hot money
Kinda similar to what you boys call block money (yessir)
It's kinda funny, cause the money come in blocks son
I got a Forrest Gump trap house - it stay runnin
Say e'rybody wanna join the So Icey fam
Well get your money right Miller (why?) Cause we goin ham
Throwed off cause the gang I rep that e'ryday
We get it with the So Icey boy, the long way
Ben Frank's my right hand man, but I need him mo' and mo'
So add in nine others butter now I got a Grand Hustle

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Nigga it's a gang thang, gang plan, gang bang
Here to give it Sunday, every day is gang day
Red rag, blue rag, black rag, green
Don't put it on your body 'less you know what that mean
The team tote infrared beams, knahmean?
We'll bust you bullets goin in your spleen, knahmean?
Baby feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang (YEAHHH)
His lady feelin good, cause she got a real lame
Cause one track mind never made the out train
Baby's feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang
His lady feelin good, cause she got a real lame
Cause one track minds never make the out train
GANGS



[Intro]
[sound of a fly buzzing around]
Hot damn! Hot, hot, stankin hot
A steerin wheel charm 'bout the size of a dinner plate

[Chorus]
Too many VVS, and when you see you got to say
("Gawwwwd damn! Sheeeeeeit!")
Is your lights on? (Yeah) Iced on (Yeah)
Diamonds on my chest my name right on my wrist my fist
it be like ("Gawwwwd damn!")
All the hoes sayin ("Sheeeeeeit!")
Then the niggaz be like diamonds on the chest thick
Wrist, arm, fist, man, Gucci Mane, LaFlare, he the shit

Gucci Mane in the party, bump whoa Kemosabe
So sick with the words think I need chemotherapy
No simpleton, but this beat, it's a sicken them
Gucci Mane the maestro but you should take a whiff of it
Halloween down to chain, hoes wanna trick or treat
Brother trick it off, 'fore I take yo' bitch out to eat
Buyin chain so foolish, girl I spent a hundred G's
I can trick my brightland then, and, get a hundred G's
Hundred G's ain't nothin to me, I need least two thousand ki's
Where are those two thousand pizzas it been dry out here a week
Laugh not for the kid dawg, twenty thousand for a fee
Ten cars, got a fleet, I done rolled and everything

[Chorus]

See the second verse better so get your air freshener
Wanna be like Gucci? Little buddy eat your vegetables
I'm on another level, I'm Gucci Boosay
Gucci boots were purchased 'fore they came out schedule
Thirty-five thou' just to come to your house
say happy birthday, ate cake and bounced out
Now Gucci is a drought, whereabout, not in this house
Pills pills powder traphouse like a drug sto'
Never too much, I'm the shit, like the commode
Toilet stool breath ass girl, you need to back up
Shawty so fine she need to slow it up, slow it up
Shawty showin legs but she still ain't seen enough

[Chorus]

Speedy, Gucci
The So Icey boys baby girl, see our diamond watches
All the girls are jockin cause they know, that my diamonds poppin
Floppin, flies around me, cause they know that Gucci's funky
Toppin, and bossin, and save the posses for the runnin
AK-47, is still, what's shakin for me
So Icey squad pussy nigga, we cross the country
See I'm the man, bland pussy nigga we the army
We made a plan, and, and, look we formed a company
So mad, told y'all that we gettin money
Every day they cocky, and dirty laundry
1500, just to clean my garbage
I'm Gucci Mane, LaFlare, I'm from the projects

[Chorus]

[Outro]
("Gawwwwd damn! Sheeeeeeit!")
[flies buzzing]
("Gawwwwd damn! Sheeeeeeit!")
[fades out]



Ahhhhh gucci, gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci, gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh [2x]

[Gucci Mane:]
Part of my pain is run through problems 
Stoppable I jump over obstacles 
Stop my grind like stop sunshine
So impropable probable mission impossible 
I said it two times nigga, nigga stop lying 
Bullshit you sellin now I'm just not buying 
Flow so nice but the kid's not kind 
Swear its sicker than a new flu they got called swine
Standing on point like a unicorn
Strapped with a unibomb
Everdays a workday but dont wear uniform
Gucci mane a dubadun
Trouble like a capricorn
Trapper month goin on a money makin marathon
U the jocker I be robin
And the riddle is the batmans throne
Try not to fuck my money up and rap career like pacman jones
Thumb print me, finger print me
But can we agree to disagree
Im from east atlanta 6 where the boys dump bricks
But we dont bump the blueprint 3
Wanna box me jus like max speed
But you cant fuck me like resh p
Like ali ima float like a butterfly sting like a bee cuz its big gucci, gucci

Ahhhhh gucci, gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci, gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh [2x]

Streets de-railed me
But god didnt fail me
Oppurtunity knocked but it just emailed me
D.A nailed me, watch them jail me
Take it like a champ while the whole world mail me
Young dont like me, jay outselles me
Nothing in the world kanye couldnt tell me
You can beat anyone but gucci
Jaw so hard I can hardly do me
Cuz whatever that I heard use to let that 
Bet if you had the chance to you'd mute me
Convicted felon my lil friends jailin
My stash here you go and my bones done swellin
Crazy so I need prozac really
My home kept skep n my folks so eary
So hardworkin that my bones still reary
Fall in the club then the hoes start cheerin
So hear me, hear me, I know yall hear me
I dont like life to much not really
High like britney, stoned like jimmy
Got a second chance like vick in philly
This aint snap music, this is trap music
New boyz in cali yea they got a jerk movement
Bricksquad niggaz we rep the block
Gucci mane I work forks n pots

Ahhhhh gucci, gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci, gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh [2x]

Ahhhhh gucci, gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci, gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh [2x]



[jail bars shut]
So so, oh for real? Oh f'real?
Hell yeah man
Now now that's cold blooded
So you mean to tell me you had the whole shit on lock like dat?
Man I'm tellin you, like like Nino Brown
How many car?
Seventeen
Man, you mean to tell me
How mu', how much you make in in a day?
I'm tellin you man shit man money man
A million dollars, two million dollars
That's crazy
How many niggaz you have workin for you?
Shit, my lil' cousin, brother, my auntie
Oh you had them hoe
I see you goin mad shit though
How much money up there dawg?
Fifty thousand at a time
They shoulda fucked with a nigga mayne
Yeah I'm I'm I'm down, I'm the..
How much you lay on a nigga mayne?
I gotta get to know you a little bit
I'ma do somethin for ya, I'ma lay somethin on ya
Aww man, that's cold blooded, that's cold clooded
I'ma do somethin for ya youngblood, y'knahmean?
I know you out there tryin
So tell me somethin huh
How big the house wars you were talkin 'bout?
Oh I had man, many - which house?
Oh man, what the hell that bitch you used to be fuckin with?
Oh, shit uhh, Red, the red one?
Aww man that crazy-ass bitch
That's hard mayne, hard mayne
So tell me man that nigga used to work for you?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, that nigga would do anything I tell him
How much he owe you?
He don't owe me nuttin now
I done beat all my money out of his ass
Oh is that verified?
Yeah verified
Tell me somethin tell me somethin then okay okay
Youngblood
Tell me this right here, but check this out
What hood you from? [toilet flushing]
Uh, man I'm, I'm from all over the place
My momma lived everywhere
Moved all over the God damn city
[water running]



Gucci, gucci
Whats up corey
Back in the trap!
Heavy, real heavy, its so heavy, heavy, real heavy
Gucci, gucci, gucci, gucci,

Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy,
Somebody help me,
My neck hurt, my chain heavy,
Heavy, door heavy, flow heavy,
Gucci bag full of cash, its so heavy,
Listen, I cant land it, I go get it,
My ego gettin too big, its too heavy,
My head gettin too big, its so heavy,
Somebody help me, took all this cash its too heavy.

My bitch say everytime she look up im bout to do a cook up ,
I told he if she know like I know she will shut the fuck up,
Introduce color the soda and I said yall need to hook up,
I pimp that white girl like a mother fuckin hooker,
I took 300 out my stash and I went and bought a phantom,
I need some toilet paper, im the shit in east atlanta,
On a 90 day tour so my niggas really miss me,
I couldnt kick it with them so I took my whole hood with me,
And I just got out of jail, ya they tried to michael vick me,
I gave my lawyer half a mill and told him come and get me,
Im not wit g-unit but this drum here cost me 50,
This chain another 50 thats a hundred on you snitches

Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy,
Somebody help me,
My neck hurt, my chain heavy,
Heavy, door heavy, flow heavy,
Gucci bag full of cash, its so heavy,
Listen, I cant land it, I go get it,
My ego gettin too big, its too heavy,
My head gettin too big, its so heavy,
Somebody help me, took all this cash its too heavy.

Im so confused, dont have a clue, man, what to do.
Should I rob him, or should I serve him, you know the rules,
I keep miami heat, got more scrap then a gun show,
Run up on the kid, I have you moarning like alonzo,
Try me if you want to, I send my shooters pronto,
I know u die, but hell I dont know where you gotta go,
Run up on me wrong, try your luck, cause I dont think so,
This four four that I told will leave a whole size of a pot hole.
Yeah I got amigo, but they dont bring me tacco,
Only bring me kilos, but keep that on the d lo.
Im getting my tip fade cut, bouldercrest, and flat show,
Wish a nigga would run up on me like im brisco.

Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy,
Somebody help me,
My neck hurt, my chain heavy,
Heavy, door heavy, flow heavy,
Gucci bag full of cash, its so heavy,
Listen, I cant land it, I go get it,
My ego gettin too big, its too heavy,
My head gettin too big, its so heavy,
Somebody help me, took all this cash its too heavy.

Uh well I think I need a hundred pack, and I aint even finished,
Im im in this deuplex in the 6, I only use the kitchen,
Im the same with my grinder post, yeah I got big bags of smoke,
You fuck niggas dont call my phone unless you wanna buy some dro,
I got birds like atlanta zoo, bitch you a fool,
I got goons like a scary movie, yeah that is true,
And I change cars like a rich white girl change shoes,
Gotta go, go get get them the money, little cuz wanna duce,
And I was holdin under 32, 2002 you know its true,
Bought em a sun valley jacob, me and juice, you know the crue.
I got money stacks credential, now still aint spent old bred,
If you wanna gladly pour some change on your own head.

Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy,
Somebody help me,
My neck hurt, my chain heavy,
Heavy, door heavy, flow heavy,
Gucci bag full of cash, its so heavy,
Listen, I cant land it, I go get it,
My ego gettin too big, its too heavy,
My head gettin too big, its so heavy,
Somebody help me, took all this cash its too heavy.

Heavy!



[Gucci Mane]
Pop, hit it one more time and nigga you ain't alive
Homie you and i, know the trooper
Thats between you and i
Got some jewelry on me, yeah
Stupid jewewlry on me now
If you think you finna shit on gucci
Then just show me how
Someone dis me yesterday,
What im 'posed to do, go cry?
With my money chasin million dollar mission on the side
Just a chicken in my lap
Im bout to trust her then I die
Im so hood right now
They question whats gettin gucci high?
Stupid wild, stupid stupid wild,
Homie thats my style
Girls fightin,
Hoes flexin, man
Just to touch my tie
Get my squad squad,
I ain't been this hard in a while
Blow top off,
I ain't been this hard in a while

[Chorus]
Stupid wild, stupid stupid wild,
Homie thats my style [4x]
Every single night im ballin,
Sippin on that drank, girls crawlin
Mostly every night im countin, countin,
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin, shootin
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin, shootin
Bitches wanna fuck me, mainly
Cause I got a catch and im famous
Im tryin to hold my head above water, water
Stack a million cash I just oughta, oughta
My chain cost a stack cause im gucci,
My wardrobe gucci'd out like im boosting
Shine with all this ice
Homie shine, shine
Wanna hate me?
Get a ticket and join the line
Fine
(its gucci)

[Lil Wayne]
Wilder than a jaguar,
Wilin in a jaguar,
Please don't play with me
Ill put that pistol on your grandpa
I swear im so wild
I think I just may need a zanthar
If she on my team
I bet that bitch know who she playin for
Mr. coach carter
Or mr. go harder
And I like my kush dry
Like a fish with no water
Swagger stupid perfect,
I might as well surf it
And if she ain't fuck me
She get the voicemail service
Tell it like it be,
Bitch I do it for the bloods
And every fuckin time I say
"soo woop" its for the bloods
With you just like I love
I do just like I does
And if you wanna fight,
Come on you can fight my guns
Weezy man, young money

[Chorus]



[Gucci]
I'm on my way to see my po 
I ain't talkin bout probation office 
Talkin bout my po partner just sent me 3 million dollars 
(what the fuck that mean nigga?) 
All my hoes go to the beauty parlor 
Bought my ma a house today 
Ill buy my auntie one tomorrow 
I just left the phantom lot 
I didn't do no paper work 
300 k my paper work just like the new boys Im a jerk 
You bring your girl you'll finish her 
Cuz like R kelly im a flirt 
I got work like bape n dem ghetto boy like facin em 
It aint no mistaken him 
Hottest boys out drake n him 
Me juice mane and whaka n dem 
Ride around with choppas pimp 
So how the hell you chop or flip you water bluffin water whimp 
Theres no land next to gucci money just ask whak and shock n dem 

Early buzz at the door (word) 
My country boys they want some more (birds) 
Early in the mornin 
Later in the evenin 
Im all about that money man even when im sleeping 

Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin 
Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin 

[Rick Ross]
All about my money nigga run with my monopoly 
Money my philosophy 
Cocaine on my property 
Yeah that bitch a stripper but there so much she can offer me 
Gave me the connect he send me 77 off for me 
Money build my confidence 
Shawty show your compitence 
Before I get another bitch cause I be on some other shit 
Higher than a mother ship 
Louie in my 7 trae 
Gucci in my other shit 
Gucci pass the other day 
30 rounds then ima hittem 
I can make a hummer flip 
I can make 100 flip 
Thats one bahama trip 
Make your moma strip 
Im bout that dead prez 
So for the bread I make you play a game of simon says 

Early buzz at the door (word) 
My country boys they want some more (birds) 
Early in the mornin 
Later in the evenin 
Im all about that money man even when im sleeping 

Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin 
Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin 

[Gucci]
Like batman robbin we be floggin mobbin inside Aston martins 
Beg your pardon gucci darlin 
More check than a check-o-slovin 
Whats your mother fuckin problem? 
Ross and gucci ima rob em 
How you ganna rob the robbers? 
These home boys got too much armor 
We got so much jewelry on 
We just make your vision dizzy 
Give your ass a charm and watch it make your fingers pissin 

[Rick Ross]
Damnit boi im spillin krissy yellow bitches blowin kisses ricky ross about them digits on the stage or in the kitchen 

Early buzz at the door (word) 
My country boys they want some more (birds) 
Early in the mornin 
Later in the evenin 
Im all about that money man even when im sleeping 

Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin 
Im all about that money 
Don't make me send my goons to gunnin



Yeah
Its Gucci,
whats up baby,
Yellow errthing this time, you know what im talkin bout
Yellow rims, Yellow, big booty, yellowbones
Yellow lambs, Yellow MP's
Yellow watch, Yellow charm ring, chain
Yellow livin room set, Lemonade gucci shoes for my girl
GUCCI

[Verse 1]
My phantom sittin on sixes, no 20's in my gun
Your cutlass motor knockin, because it is a lemon
I like dem Georgia-peaches, but you look more like a lemon
These sour apple bitter bitches, im not fuckin with em
Im truly stupid paid thats just how I feel today,
Im movin slow cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade
Im standing in the shade and im sellin lemonade
600 a pint da going rate off in the "A"
Lemonade diamond bracelet, put it in ur face (BURR)
Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday (BURR)
Im pimpin wearin linon, thats just how im chillon
Im smokin grits and sellin chickens, corvette painted lemons
GUCCI!!!

[Chorus:]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up

[Verse 2]
I got lemonade and lemon teeth
Lemons watch me mix the shit
Lemonade complexion, east-australian girl be killin me
She say i be killin her, i say i be feelin it
Four days then im sick of her, cause her brain is lemonhead
Cocaine white exterior, Interior Lemonade
Yellow wit da off-white trimmin
I call that da super drank
Yellow diamond pinky ring
Call that dere da lemon rock
Jewelry box a lemon bin, my earring size a apricot
Yeah i smoke that strong alot, yeah i need some of what you got
Half a pound of lemon kush, call that pack the lemon drop
Canary yellow lemon watch, big bird yellow top
Yellow Polo, Polo, slippers white and yellow polo socks
Gucci Mane be pumpin dawg, he dont got all he say he got
Just stash one Lemon homie, i can supply them the 50 glocks
Yellow boat parked at the dock,Yellowbone gon' make it drop
Flip da flop mine up the top, then go buy me a yellow yacht

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Lemonade my townhouse,in miami i want yellow carpet
Woke up in the mornin, fuckin bought a yellow aston martin
Yellow bricks, yellow dust, yellow light, yellow tusk
yellow piss, spinnin whips, yellow weed
weed up wit us
coward ass nigga, yellow stripe, you a yellowback
A-k hit your dog, and u cant bring Old Yeller back
Yep, gucci bang up eighty-thousand dats a yellow safe
yellow homes, mellow homes, you know u a scary-cat
no sleep for two days, so my pupils lookin yellow
five flights, six shows, quarter-million on my schedule
Bangledesh and Gucci Mane, niggas know they in trouble
green ice, red light, caution Gucci rock yellow

[Chorus]



[Intro:]
It's Gucci! (It's Gucci!)
Burr!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
It's Gucci!
Flocka!
Scott Storch, Gucci Mane, we back at it.
Burr!
So Icey.
Yeeeaaahhh!

[Chorus:]
We smokin' that fire, endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo! (Bingo!) [x8]
Ahh...
It's Gucci! [x6]
Burr!
Burr!

[Verse: Gucci Mane]
Yellow my watch,
Yellow earrings 'n' my belt.
Can't fit in my schedule,
Less booty like jello.
She know I slang kilos,
Shout out to my 'migo,
I call, he said 10-4,
Tight like Lamont Rollo.
My goal for El Gato,
My house like a brothle,
Fat hoes in Chicago,
First class, tomorrow Morocco.
Phantom with two moddles,
Pull up tonight, strapped,
Jump out, car scream 'pronto'!

[Chorus:]
We smokin' that fire, endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo! (Bingo!) [x8]
Ahh...
It's Gucci!
Soulja!
It's Gucci!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
Burr!
Burr!

[Verse: Soulja Boy]
I'm ridin' in my Lambo,
Kids screamin 'Bingo'!
Haters wanna hate,
They'll get shot like a free throw.
Candy paint wet (woosh),
Drippin of my headlights,
Catch me in the trap like some mothafuckin dead mice.
Every time I cut a corner kids screamin 'Bingo'! (Bingo!)
Tools on deck, I ain't talkin Home Depot! (Depot!)
Soulja Boy Tell Em'! (Tell Em'!)
I'm icey as a icicle,
So much money, bitch, I valet park my bycicle!

[Chorus:]
We smokin' that fire, endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo! (Bingo!) [x8]
Ahh...
It's Gucci! [x6]
Burr!
Flocka!
Burr!
Flocka!
Flocka!

[Verse: Waka Flocka Flame]
All the hood hoes point like 'Bingo'!
Waka Flocka "Oh Let's Dot It" is the single.
Let's mingle, got hoes like Wingo,
My bitch a 'dime', your bitch look like a 'cinco'!
Like a free throw, man I'm ballin now! (Swish!)
Blew a kiss to the girls, now they fallin out!
I pull up in the t-top Cutlass like 'Bingo'!
My girlfriend Regal, same color as a flamingo!

[Chorus:]
We smokin' that fire, endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo! (Bingo!) [x8]
Ahh...
It's Gucci! [x6]
Burr!
Burr!
Bingo!



It feels so good to be back! 
Polow, Usher baby (yeah, Zone 4) 
How you doin Gucci? (yeah) (Zone 6) 

[Usher - Chorus]
Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

[Gucci Mane]
Rose by fifty 
Uh Now she tipsy 
Slow dancing in my mansion with no panties 
Want to get me 
Three girls Gucci trippin 
Thats a lot of women 
Expensive denim jeans on 
Designer heels ya feel me? 
I dont want no violence 
But damn she tryin to kill me 
She tryin to make me feel her 
Im trying to make her feel me 
She just had a long day 
Know i got that long cake 
I give her that long scream 
I fuck with her the long way 

[Usher - Chorus]
Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

[Gucci Mane]
Bang bang OKA 
Where you want to go today 
No she is not a prostitute 
But if she was Id have to pay 
Say, lay, you can stay 
I sex you up couple days 
Tell your girl no need to front 
She want participate 
Gucci aint eliminate 
4 girls with me 
Simply i glaze they ass 
Just like some churches biscuits 
Beat her like she stole my Bentley 
Swagger jackers pay attention 
Cali girl, ATL, Detroit, New York girls be with me 

[Usher - Chorus]
Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

[Gucci Mane]
I had a girl left alone 
Gucci Manes a bachelor 
Sex tape just like Pamela 
Cause Gucci not an amateur 
Mini skirt, sun dress, booty shorts, Monster 
Her ass phat as two basketballs 
Gucci fittin to dunk her 
Pretty like Mariah 
Finer than Alicia 
Sexy just like Trina, dawg 
I bet she a keeper! 
Turn me on like Keri 
No she is not scared of her 
Probably sex her every UH 
Cause lil mama is fine as fuck! 

[Usher - Chorus]
Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh



[Chorus]
I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 

She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 

[Verse 1]
Canary Diamonds on my fist on wrist and on my neck 
Ms. lady say she Know my name And I aint even told her yet 
No need ta introduce myself, I let my money do the Greeting 
So conceited, that if she ain't worth talking to then Im not speakin 
(GUCCI !)
I'm so single ay lets mingle, can I buy you some champagne 
And my sex game gladiator tell me are you entertained 
Im an entertainer Baby but my name aint Cedric 
I got cheddar and etcetera 
So stop the rhetoric 
But enough about me baby, sweetie tell bout ya self 
Are you married or divorced, dont gotta tell me thats your choice 
I like ya voice I like ya swagg 
So let nature take its course, Maybe in the Future 
Gorgeous I can buy ya ass a Porche 
(GUCCI)

[Chorus]
I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 

She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 

[Verse 2]
Dont be shy, you and I 
Me and You can be as one 
I cant lie, won't deny 
Everytime with you is fun 
In Dubai, London, Paris baby, we can watch the sun 
Set and rise 
Or just lay back on the beach and watch the sky 
(Gucci)

She's been sent to me, lent to me 
I feel she is God's gift to me 
Its gucci mane on the mic' 
While Zay control the symphony 
No twistin it she swichin it but she not all promiscuous 
Its obvious she's marvelous and wants to be a part of this 
I give her 1,000 percent but this that 50, 50 shit 
Im wealthy and Im Healthy so cut off that boy you kickin wit 
Give her 1,000 percent but this that 50, 50 shit 
I'm wealthy and I'm Healthy so cut off that lame you kick it wit 

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Dinner date, please dont be late 
Im fiending and don't wanna wait 
Sex so hot and passionate 
It'll make her hyperventilate 
Yea Ima bachelor but Im workin my masters 
And no im not a doctor but my money 
Go way past one, shes hotter than my last one 
Sexy like my last chick im checkin out her assets 
Her ex-boyfriend is past tense 
I talk to her, I listen to her. text her then she text me 
I rap to her she walks to me and damn her walk is sexy 
Our last nite was so good I think about her next day 
More but then four ashtrays she told me boy you crazy 
Burnin all my candles and lighting all my incense 
Im givin her my imprint cause damn I like her accent 

[Chorus]



Waz hannin? 
It's gucci! 
Aye keyshia 
Im feelin this girl man 
But she aint right ya kno 
What im talkin bout? 
Take one (take one) 
Oooooh (GUCCCI!) 
I can do bad by myself kno 
What I mean? forreal 
Okay, action goin in 

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
Rap game paid me, trap game made me 
We used to be good friends now she 
Cant stand me her man aint G her man 
Aint me her man cant be what her man cant be 
My jewelery game fridgy- white watch blizzard 
Crocodile lizzard pinky ring ignorant; 
Im careful who I step too when I step too 
And if I choose first she choose me then she special 
Long walks all night dawg I can help her bless her 
Show her how to be successfuL kiss her gucci hustler 
??
Sudden valley cook up second of the extra 
Stack up loud pack make her catch a contact 
Dumb sets long stacks I can make her come back 

[Chorus]

I can do bad bad bad bad bad all by myself [x4]

[Verse 2 - Gucci Mane]
Ima bad boy but still there's so much good in me 
You can take me out the hood the hood is still in me 
I needa girl to feel herself but can still feel me 
Just let me be ya only choice no need for planB! 
My love life is malnutritions you my vitaminC- 
Stay down like hillary and I can be ya billy 
I'll buy ya jada pinky pinkies im tha biggest willy 
Just when I give it throw it back just like we playin 
Frisby I can do it by myself but i'd be very lonely 
Be tha diva who's my lover and my closest homie 
So if you sick and tired of bein sick and tired call me 
Pick up the yellow pages and look up gucci! (gucci!) 

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 -  Keyshia Cole]
Aint no need in arguin about it 
If you wanna leave then just be bout it 
There's no sense in blamin me and me blamin 
You there's no reason to be untrue everything 
I got I work hard for everyday I work hard to 
Make more I can do bad all by myself I aint tryna 
Play love games cause I can do bad baby 

[Chorus]



Yeah yeah man I'ma, ay!
Man I'm fin' to get up out that motherfucker
Them folk gonna let me go mayne!
Ay man that's cool, that's cool man
Let me get them, get them
Ay can I get them snacks man?
I'm workin more than any motherfucker in here man
Y'knahmtalkin bout man, way to get back on the turf man
I feel you, yeah I feel you I feel you
You deserve it mayne
Ay nigga, y'all nigga all out here in the motherfucker
Ay man that's cool ay man wait, can I get them shoes too?
Let me get the shoes, let me get the
Oh yeah, I'm gon' do what I'm gon do but
God damn whoop that {?} ass money, really
I know that's right, I know that's right
Send me somethin back nigga, sheeit!
Send me somethin back up in this
Put somethin on my books man, shit!
Oh yeah yeah, nigga handle that shit
Yeah
Let me, c'mon, let me get them honeybuns
Watch out NIGGA, get up watch out nigga
I got the honeybuns and the chips
This my nigga right here Gucci Mane
Guc' baby Guc'!
I ain't trippin, I ain't trippin, no
No, go ahead, pig out
Let me get the shit
Man I appreciate you baby, shit
Aw man it's all good y'know
Aw dude ain't nothin I keep it real y'know
Yeah keep it real out there man y'knahmean?
You out there gettin that money y'knahmean?
Passin them motherfuckers
It's my time and they ain't know a thing about
Yeah and you shinin like a motherfuckin
[toilet flushing] diamond ring right now player
'Preciate you [voice fades out]



[Chorus (Bobby Valentino):]
I wanna do you at cho momma house,on the couch,
Do you in the bathroom or the air-o-plane.
Do you on a balcony, in the taxi,
Cause I can't get enough of that thing
Say we can do it anywhere
(Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere
(Crazy)
We can do it anywhere
Crazy places,
I wanna freak you anywhere
(Crazy)

[Nicki Minaj:]
Yo lets do it up in Disney in the magic kingdom
You can tug on my gissupes in my badgly mischka
I'm a b b b, I'm a bag of fun
I'm a pro with them balls like And 1
Now lets go, Mexico? thats where we next to go
Do it like his mama, make him eat his vegatables
Call me a stage mom, boy you best a blow
Or you can even call me wanda, cuz I'm red to go
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy, stomps the floor
We can do it in 5th ave in the department store
We can do it in tokyo we do it in taiwan
All my harajuku girls say I am they icon

[Chorus (Bobby Valentino)]

[Gucci Mane:]
Don't compare me to your ex mane,
baby he a local joker,
I'll take you to six flags
& drill you on the roller coaster
call your girlfriends over we can have a sleepover
buy yo ass a jeep, so I can fuck you in the range rover
Pictures of her nude, On a crusie We gone make the news,
sex scrait, sex tape, ready for a youtube
Damn it turn me on, when we do it in your mama home
Father long gone but gucci can be your daddy baby
I can fly you anywhere, We can sex and crazy places,
Airport,Train station, going up the escalator,
At the dome, on the 50, I'm gon throw it, you the center
When you hike it, I'm a spike it,
Girl dont act like u dont like it.

[Chorus (Bobby Valentino)]

[Trina:]
How bad you wanna do me, on a scale of 1 to 10
You like the way I bend now you askin where I been,
If I'm doing him, Now you starting that again,
I dont want to sex your friend, He dont got enough to lend,
plus he was doing Lynn, and she aint nothing like amazing
Her stuff run deep, and he don't have a occupation
I'm known across the nation, Trina's that chick
Bow leg, red bone, long hair, real thick
do me at my mama house, nah I don't think so
I go too much class but you can try to San Pedro
I need the biggest mansion, ocean back yard
with the newest Maybach, and inside a black card

[Chorus (Bobby Valentino)]



Im jumpin out my coupe wit da missin roof and I'm so fuckin high I need a parachute.
"Gucci Mane, do you remember me from last month?"
"Girl, I can't remember nothin but my last blunt"
Bling blau diamond necklaces for every chain.
Bitch I'm Gucci so I put rims on bout everythang.
I used to care about money now these days I don't so if I like her enough I'll buy her everythang she want.
I got that 357 so don't try your luck.
Bullets have yo body hot you'll need a fire truck.
So re-up with us, got white girl yeah that anime.
Today I'm shittin on rappers so I call em Jazze Pha. 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but, if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci, most all my clothes Gucci, this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie, gucci mane movie, gucci mane movie. 

Lambo engine in the rear and I'm switchin gears.
Yall suckas can't fuck wit dis young nigga here.
Diamonds on my neck colder than a case of beer.
So when I fall off in the club all the bitches cheer.
In an '06 convertible my top can disappear.
Just bought a house in cali pool parties of the year.
Tip fade stupid ways I don't wear beer.
They say that Gucci stay fresh but dat nigga weird. 
Girl you ridin wit la flare so what you got to fear? 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but, if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci, most all my clothes Gucci, this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie, gucci mane movie, gucci mane movie. 

Jazze Pha, Gucci know they didn't expect this it ain't no secret run up on me you'll regret it.
Im like a ball player focused on my next hit.
And I hit homeruns I don't know how to bunt bitch.
And this that cali kush you need to pass the blunt bitch.
Im Sorry that I cuss you baby girl you're gorgeous.
Psych you're not gorgeous but your ass is enormous.
And if you never call me I'll be rich regardless.
Picture perfect flow this verse is a boy trick.
I got three matches but..... bouldercrest flash show, seen greshem where I started....... 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but, if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci, most all my clothes Gucci, this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie, gucci mane movie, gucci mane movie.



Gucci, scoochie,
OK, paper out, paper out

[Hook:]
I'm so motherfucking turned up right now (volume)
Someone please turn Gucci Mane down (volume)
Bricksquad thugged out, we don't give a fuck (volume)
We hit the club, shoot the club, tear the club up (volume)
So you should hit the floor, get low and shut up (volume)
Hit the floor, get low and shut the fuck up (volume)
Yous a bitch, yous a snitch, you a motherfucking scrub (volume)
Yous a bitch, yous a snitch, you a motherfucking scrub (volume)

[Verse 1]
I pulled up in a four door Porsche set tripping
Three young dread head niggas riding with me
I don't think they like me and I don't like 'em neither
But if they move wrong I'll red up they white beater
I do it for the hood, I do it like no equal
I do it for the red, black, yellow, white people
I just bought a kay, just the other day
And I don't play with grown men I don't like to play
I'm so motherfucking turned up right now
Niggas hating on me, I don't give a fuck right now
Well, you niggas keep on trying like the little engine that could
You think you can, you think you could, I think you pussies should

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Call me Gucci flocka flame, I then changed my name
Call me frenchie mane, la flare, gucc the kid -- it's all the same
I be running, gunning, stunting with 100 killers riding
You snitching, bitching, tattle telling scared to stand beside me
I just bought another house just to hold my goons
So icy entertainment boy we just like a platoon
The colors in my chain remind me of a cartoon
I'll murk your boy in March baby find that boy the June
I wish they found him August so that's like tomuch too soon
His face was swoll and puffy about the color of a prune
Bricksquad movement and no you're not a part of it
Me waka and woo juice and frenchie mane started it

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Wooh da Kid:]
Iced out bar, got me balling like the lakers
Homicide around the corner where you in Jamaica
My volume on max, you boys better run
Ima nigga with an attitude holding on the gun
17 niggas I left 16 hit, last nigga hit the corner, got his whole head split
Told you you're a goner, ima leave you dead quick
I'm like asalam-aleikum, left them ... prick
Wooh, the kid thugged out, we don't give a fuck
Let your soul meet the sole of the bottom of my chucks
Black car, black tint with the big tags, stay low to the floor
My midget out bag, my midget out the bag

[Hook]



Its money mane, n juice man, n gucci mane, gucci mane, 

[Gucci]
Ima keep droppin versus, 
Hotta den tha hottest summa, 
Eat rappers like jeffrey domer, 
Dope color shanay o conner?, 
Should I name another woman, 
Russian like president obama, 
Wannna buy two extra commas, 
All my shoes are fara gomma? 
Lightning actually hittin thunda, 
Even stevie wonder wonder, 
Why yo girl get home on time so much I had to change my numba, 
Sarcasism, these bitches need to ride em while I pass em, 
I wouldnt even give that bitch a orgasim, 
Miraculisly my niggas stand beside, not in back of me, 
So disrespect my faculty, how dare u have audasity, 
The ??, I cash out automatically, 
I spit these rhymes so radically, spiratically, fatality. 

[Chorus]
I got the green, drank, pills, blow, 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose, 

Im the gingerbread man [X4]

I got the green, drank, pills, blow, 
I kant get up, sleep, jus keep knockin on my door, 

Im the gingerbread man [X4]

[OJ da Juiceman]
Gingerbread Man, I got white, I got white, 
Trap house bunkin up all night, take flight, 
Droppin 10 bases? its jumpin that white? 
Trees to that paper so im something like a kite, 
Loud stanky kush and it tellin me to light, 
Extra loud diamonds and its lookin like a light, 
Rollin stay money and my pockets just glide, 
Everday diamonds kuz they dont like to hide, 
Vvs light yea so you block yo eyes, 
Burnt color diamonds like a sweet potato pie, 
Hit ya color diamonds?? and get ratchet like a fly? 
The brick man, the bread man I dont tell no lies. 

[Chorus]
I got the green, drank, pills, blow, 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose, 

Im the gingerbread man [X4]

I got the green, drank, pills, blow, 
I kant get up, sleep, jus keep knockin on my door, 

Im the gingerbread man [X4]



[Hook:]
Rockstar lifestyle mite don't make it
Living life high everyday click wasted
Sippin on purple stuff rolling up stanky
Wake up in the morning ain't 10 o'clock drinkin
Party party party let's all get wasted
Shake it for me babygirl do it butt naked
I'm so wasted she so wasted
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases

[Verse 1:]
Living like Witney geekin like Brittney
Gucci no hippy but he stoned like jimmy
Best pill poppas geeked up crazy
Whole click rolling everyone's wasted
Purple codeine sprite pink don't waste it
Mix up grandma drank & then tast it
Now grandma sippin syrup leanin wasted
Walkin around fuck up twistin her finger
Homegirl slipped up drunk got wasted
Now she backstage and she tryin to get famous
She be up drinkin drinkin gucci mane checkin
Club night damn right gucci mane wasted

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Plies]
I Don't wear tight jeans like the white boys
But I do get wasted like the white boys
Now I'm lookin for a bitch ta suck this almond joy
Say she gotta stop suckin cause her jaw sore
Gotta a bitch on the couch bitch on the floor
My partner just pop another one now he rollin more
Was on three pills now he on four
I don't know why but the remy turn me into a whore
Walk into the club pocket full of big faces
Got the .40 on my waist and is off safety
About 40 goons with me and we all wasted
On remy straight tonight dogg no chasin

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Whole Click Faded we geeked up crazy
Big boy bracelets we white boy wasted
No shirt fuck it I let her see the tatted
We sloppy drunk disgustin and liquour keep wastin
285 eastside Me and plies wasted
Wasting several big booty brawl chasing
Spring bling 50 thousand white girls shakin
Some dancin naked but everyone wasted
Magic city monday ball player wasted
This is for the other drink dustin buds wasted
12 pack wasted I need more cases
And gucci down at oasis all my diamonds caucasion

[Hook]



Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong 
Kush is my cologne, Ku-Kush is my cologne 
[BUN B]
Got a swisher filled up with that one hitter quitter bro 
Bubba for ya troubles on the double itll get ya bro 
Pass me the d's, light it up with ease, in a cirle full of G's,
Smokin on them trees 
Pass me a cigar, and imma buss it down quick 
Pass me the purple, make sure that hoe is round and think 
Break it down, fill it up, roll it up and light it 
And you know it's the bomb, soon as it get ignited 
Pimpin I can't even fight it, its callin me to smoke 
So I fire up another square and take another toke 
I be damn near goin broke 
And my girl say I'm wrong, Shit but 
KUSH IS MY COLOGNE 
Im inhalin it, exhaling it, it makes me more intelligent 
I feel like I'm still mailin it or sellin it, they smellin it 
Kush, purp, strong dro. What I need cologne fo? 
They tried to send me to rehab but I said: 
No No I wont go 
Damn its really loud, spendin like a whole pound 
Kush cologne, haze is her perfume 
Bubba kush for breakfast, with my captain crunch 
I smoke ten blunts before lunch 
No that sounds like that's too much 
Im so high, Im so in the sky, everybody know 
Marijuana is my fragrance, probably smell it on my clothes 
I smoke that bubonic sonic, I've been sippin gin and tonic 
You lil boys is hooked on phonics, Gucci hooked on chronic sonic
[DEVIN THE DUDE]
Kush is my cologne, I got many fragrances 
Shit gets so expensive but I hardly have to pay for shit 
Every puff is like a squirt, smell it all off in my shirt 
Coworkers give me compliments every time I go to work 
What kinda cologne you on? 
Dro is like my aftershave 
Have me feelin and smellin so good yo I don't have to bathe 
But by all means, I must keep my balls clean 
Make sure my dicks legit then I go take care the small things 
And it all seems worth it 
450's kinda steep but I deserve it 
Weed smell so loud that you think you heard that purp



[Chorus]
I'm my best friend
and I'm my worst enemy
and no one else can hurt me unless I let them
is you feelin me
and misery loves company and I had my share of misery
no mystery my infamy got me in hip hop history
First Tupac died then Biggie died
and that greatly impacted me
then history repeated itself through me and I make history
(its Gucci)
so I dont turn around no more
I look at whats in front of me
I'm focused on the future cos yesterday is history

[Verse 1]
A hard head makes a soft ass
guess yo mom didnt teach ya that
pick a spot to beef with me and that spot I will meet ya at
but let me check my schedule
Im free Tuesday 3 weeks from now
you bring your crew I bring my crew
just pick a time and side of town
zone 6 is my stomping ground
but I guess you know that by now
but everywhere you go you hear me
thats why your upset right now
bought a Phantom and a Lamb
but Im in my vette right now
I raped the game without a rubber
bank account are pregnant now
the day they tried to murder me a day I cant forget about
and I dont wish no death on homie
just want him to hear me out
think about the past and all the many things we talked about
think about all the people influenced by what comes out our mouth

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I am not the perfect person
me dont spit the perfect verses
I wouldnt hurt a girl on purpose cos I feel they dont deserve it
I admit my words can hurt
I dissed tiny she didnt deserve it
our song didnt interpret it right and Im sorry for it
T.I. many times encouraged
told me face the game with courage
clay me some great advice and still today I thankful for it
Me Jeezy and T.I. share one thing in common all are poets
role model to young people tho at times man we still ignore it
and yall gon owe respect to me and I dont like apologies
just diss me till you satisfied
i swear it doesnt bother me
sticks and stones will break my bones and bullets
wont reflect off me but words and insults only show the World how yall respectin me

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
All my homies aint my homies
hell my friends no longer want me
I'm still hungry as I was when I did my first live performance
things I got I know they want it
things I done they havent done it
tho they say that they my friends
I know that these n-ggas opponent
we can joke and laugh and party
but I know their smiles are phoney
but I still pray that the Lord give em all the things they wanted
all the money in the World cant get the joy Im felling homie
like the third date with a woman like you and not for your money
you can help someone and love someone but still they turn and burn you
so i warn you in advance watch out cos so called friends will con you
Think MJG said it best when will I ever know? who my friends through thick and thin cos so called friends will turn to foes.
through thick and thin cos so called friends will turn to foes.

[Chorus]



[phone rings twice]
Hey boo, whassup?
Whassup, whassup
Hey y'know I'ma I gonna ask you question
What?
Don't don't fuckin lie, don't fuckin lie
What? You know I don't lie to you
You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Hell motherfuckin no!!
You fuckin Gucci Mane bitch, you're a fuckin liar!
Oh my God, who done told you that?
You are fuckin that nigga
Motherfuckers told me you was at Greenbriar Mall
with that nigga earlier today, your ass fuckin him
I'm not fuckin Gucci Mane, what the fuck?
Let me tell you somethin bitch
You better stop fuckin that nigga Gucci Mane
That's my buddy I was locked up with the nigga
I was not
He got a rash on his fuckin foot bitch
Nigga, you got a rash on YO' foot!!
You want that rash that nigga got on his foot?
Please nigga
Now how the fuck you gon' call this nigga Gucci Mane?
This nigga wear Prada every day
Oh hell naw
Gucci Mane, Gucci Mane
You ain't gon' call me stressin me out of my head
Louis Vuitton gon' go kill that nigga man!
Oh my God
This nigga ain't no motherfuckin Gucci
I mean yeah, I got his CD, but I'm sayin
You fucks Gucci Mane, huh? You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Y'all probably 68, you dusty bitch
Whatever nigga!
You raggedy mouf, uhh, chihuahua mouth bitch
Alright I am, that's right I'm fuckin him
And what?
I'ma fuck... you fuckin Gucci Mane bitch!
What? Nigga, what?
FUCK GUCCI! I got more than Gucci
So what? That's right you can't
I'm gonna fuckin
That's why I'm fuckin him
FUCK YOU!!!
Mm-hmm, you too, fuck you too

[phone hangs up]
[toilet flushing]

Gucci eatin coochie
He ate one of these C.O. bitches out
Between the bars
Bitch just stuck her ass between the bars
The nigga stuck his whole head in between the bitch's ass

[water dripping]



Burrr
It's young Burrr
The State vs. Radric Davis
It's still Gucci...
And we WASTED

[Chorus:]
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it (Wasted)
Livin life high everyday, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (Wasted)
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin (Wasted)
Party party party let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
My alias is Gucci Mane, my name is Radric Davis (who)
If you take the time to step infront of my shine, that time is wasted (wow)
See I don't got time to waste, 'less I waste it with the crew
Yo girl drunk, she dropped it low and waste Cris all over my shoes (well damn)
Back to the bass, (back to, back to, back to)
Man I'm racist (go) tho I'm not my ranch caucasion
Plus my goons smoke like jamacains (burrr)
You hot, but hatin on me
You sleepy, Gucci ain't hot? Homeboi you trippin
Still consider coke in my car so yo kinfolks gon keep drippin
I'm movin that 'caine like I'm moving my Range
Don't soil my name, just step up yo game
I'm a leave this game same way that I came
Can't waste my breath, no need to explain
Baby girl I wasted it, on my bracelet (burrr)
Didn't wanna walk though we maded it
This Wasted Remix with Baby, Wayne and 'Kiss and I cremated it
(GUCCI)

[Chorus:]
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it (Wasted)
Livin life high everyday, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (Wasted)
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin (Wasted)
Party party party let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Rockstar lifestyle might not make it
President got him in the White House naked
Looked at the clock and it said right now
Get a pound, break it down, blow it like trial
Panetela dutchie, wine in my tall glass
Young Money baby, big shit like a horse ass
Stacks in my backpack, shades on, hat back
Bugatti bat black, where they do that at?
South beach, Miami hoe
I'm probably with Tammy To (Tammy Torres)
My life is a video, and the women want that cameo
I just want them pantyhose and I'm higher than geranimo
An I got the tools, tell em boys it can get mechanical

[Chorus:]
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it (Wasted)
Livin life high everyday, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (Wasted)
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin (Wasted)
Party party party let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases

[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
Rockstar lifestyle might not make it (Uh uh)
Wasted. Just performed "We Gon' Make It" (yeah)
Bitches get naked off the stones in the bracelet (ha ha)
Said you got coke, I brought a fiend along to taste it (uh)
Money come fast now, we ain gotta chase it (naw)
Kush got a nigga feelin like he in The Matrix
Hennessey, Patron, Grey Goose, Aces (yeah)
Alcohol, Tobacco, firearm cases (T.I.)
Dufflebag double up, big faces (yes)
Tony Montana shit, crib spacious (yes)
Futuristic automobiles, spaceships (ha)
Jadakiss laced it, the remix Wasted

[Chorus:]
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it (Wasted)
Livin life high everyday, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (Wasted)
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin (Wasted)
Party party party let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Big money, make a pearl handle with 2 clips
Cash Money, Young Money fly, in new whips
All white pearl, money from the earl
Poppin Don P iced out my baby girl
Catch me in the club with my mac and my strap on
Bitches high rollin, white doves, gettin they freak on
Get my clap on, get my money on
Shinin all the time, now watch me bring it home
S-s-so she love me, how we do this?
Maybach, lay back, baby how we do this
Lauder jet, G4, high to the sky bitch
Mo money than I've seen, no ceilings bitch

[Chorus:]
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it (Wasted)
Livin life high everyday, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (Wasted)
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin (Wasted)
Party party party let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases



Yea motherfucker we got big cat in this
Motherfucker la flare nigga Gucci Mane
The motherfuckin' gotto nigga it's a wrap
Then the whole industry we got
This shit in the fuckin' head lock

Yeah, Gucci we fuckin' this niggas up

Cat we doin' more than fuckin' this niggas up
We fuckin' this niggas hoes we got
More ice than this niggas we got mo money than this
Niggas we independent we making major
Niggas tuck they chain in ha ha ha

I love it make this fuck niggas
Tuck they chain in Gucci
You know how we do, baby

I want to tell you ahh
My nigga just bought me a Jacob
Right that bitch cost 'bout 60
Right that bitch got yellow blue in green stones in it
Y'all bitches get y'all weight up out there



[Verse 1]
I'm obnoxious
I'm flowing crazy, I need to stop this
don't knock this
you nigga's lazy yall need to watch this
Preposterous
if you can fathem how you can block this
my phantom was seen on candler
you ride the transit
no options you niggas can't act like yall forgot this I'm tired 
but switch ya flow up it's so monotonous it's my metropolis 
I'll drop a 12 on ya so colossus! 
My swag plus my drop top yellow jag why they gossip 
I'm the nigga upload your twitter bitch I'm the topic 
profess it but 
gucci didn't graduate from college 
your girlfriend say's my ear rings are erotic 
my lambo doors open upward they're robotic it's gucci

[Chorus:]
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions, tigers, minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions, tigers, bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo (gucci)

[Verse 2:]
Drop beam 
Off set things color ice cream 
white dreams 
she can fuck me that's a pipe dream 
S-O poppin x-pills so exciting 
my ex chick n ex homeboy uninvited cases of ace of spade bitch getcha wasted 
the waitress I made her reloaded like the matrix 
I lean laid with a bad bitch black n asian
On 20 headed to buckhead I'm racing baby
but take that fake jewelery off that shit is fugasey
You think that you're hotter than the kid youre mistaken 
real n you nigga's really really good at faken 
So trill I'ma keep it real I'm back to the basics

[Chorus:]
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions, tigers, minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey niggas in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions, tigers, bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo (gucci)

[Ludacris:]
Heads up
my partner stashin bricks up on his roof top
Whole key, half a key, quarter key 
gucci got more quarters than a motherfuckin juke box
Pop-pop hear the glock cock 
And I gotta Colt 45 like Billy D 
semi automatic that I keep up in the attic in shank that shape like tennessee (ugh!)
I cut ya
I cut ya til the white meat 
And my partner pushin more crack than a bike seat 
I smoke the best I get my dro from california
get high n go to sleep you couldn't wake me from a coma
I might wake up if these rappers got beef I smell the aroma
but these nigga'z aint got no heart not even if they had a doner 
I roam the streets so who the fuck is YOU
southside collipark king of the jungle my name is ludacris living in atlanta zoo

[Chorus:]
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions, tigers, minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
I'm a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions, tigers, bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo (gucci)



I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I pull up in that Spyder, strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom, na, but I'm mad at my driver
Pull up in that Spyder, strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom, na, but I'm mad at my

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I pull up in that Spyder, strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom, na, but I'm mad at my driver
He so fuckin' turned up, ridin' on auto pilot, smokin' kush and smilin'
He drinkin' while he drivin'

Gucci please excuse me, hu, all my goons got jewelry on 'em
All my niggas booked up, paper they get it on their own
I don't think you know me, homie, I suggest you leave me alone
I got so much jewelry on, that I think I need a clone

I pull up to the traffic light, icy as a blood light
Shinin' like a flash light, I might damage ya eye sight
Gucci got that real ice, don't it look real nice
I don't want your girlfriend, homie but my bitch might

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

Shops at the Chanel shop, that's how she shop
500 for the flip flops 'cause they ain't Reebok
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
Gotta spot in the hood, no sofa just pot

I'm hot, so hot stand next, get shocked
I got Caucasian neighbors that's just how I rock
If you talkin' to me, all the questions that I wanna know
If she ain't got no money, know you gotta have some dough

Then she ask me for a drank so I bought a bottle
She was flexin' really hard, now she flexin' harder
You a bitch, one more bitch, I only fuck with starters
So if you ain't a dime piece, ain't no need to bother

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I want the money, I smell like a pocket full of hundreds
A whole bag full of kush, I been buckin' since a youngin'
I know you need a man right now because you strugglin'
So if he isn't helpin' then there's no need for discussion

In Houston Texas I can spend fifty thousand on a Monday
I got fifty woman with me, fifty more that ain't comin'
My pocket do the conversation, make all the decisions
I only fuck with bad bitches 'cause I'm very picky

He can't buy a drink so he don't deserve ya digits
I'm polar bear laflare, wrist and ear is very frigid
My charm big as a midget, I give yo' ass the business
So if you got yo' swag right you know that you can get it

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block, boy from the block, block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots



[Verse 1:]
I am barsick, proceed with caution cause I be flaucin', I didn't do that feature with you cause you not important
Major coorporation, I am the most wanted person?, while you niggas getting extored, I ride by fast put on the gas, don't make me li-zate, these brizacks stashed in my jizeans look likes some thighpads, it's funny, just like a dimad without no eyelash, I have yo car, I fuck with his O's, fuck with my kizad. Run up on me son, you'll run up on the wrong one, keep a shooter with a gun to empty the whole?, my niggas rushing at you like a cornerback blitz, nigga that's what you get for talking at that shit, Gucci.

[Chorus:]
Well, Gucci like to drank, Gucci like to smoke, well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke, [x3]
Well, Gucci like to drank, Gucci like to smoke, well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke, well Gucci Mane's a G, tell me something I don't know.

[Verse 2:]
Word to the wise, Gucci Mane's a wise guy, the? shoot you 25 times, my session yesterday recorded 25 lines, haters fuck with other niggas shit but they don't fuck with mine. You a lie, low down, freakin' lie, that is not the truth boy you know I keep it trill and real in and out the booth, on that Goose and Cranberry Juice, droptop that Cranberry Coupe', Gucci is alotta things but fasho' I'm not scared of you, swaggerific, catastrophic, tatted down, them niggas get it, but stop with all of that bullshitin', you know you ain't fucking with me, deeper than just rappin', yo bitch diggin' me, she bought a shovel, yo boyfriends the basement, I'm the roof we on two different levels,

[Chorus:]
Well, Gucci like to drank, Gucci like to smoke, well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke, [x3]
Well, Gucci like to drank, Gucci like to smoke, well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke, well Gucci Mane's a G, tell me something I don't know.

Holiday Season!



[chorus]
Errybody lookin
(yo-yo)
Lambo's get the bitches
(mo-hoes)
Stove make the cookies
(o's-o's)
Hurtin these suckas feelings
(ouch-ouch)

YO YO YO come check this crazy flow
I gotta go and do this show
Just where is tokio?
YO YO damn bricksquad be burnin dro
Drink bur man and whitefolk wit me I got cash to blow,
YO YO your nose gon grow
Just like pinochio your lying that your hot as me but that is not the truth.
oh no my left right wrist is truly extra cold.
My flow sick need them extra o's,
I need an extra stove,
So so I'm so icy my squad run in snow
You know it and you knew before so much dough 
I shut down the store,
Hoes hoes I birdfeed these bitches like they like were crows,
I pull the totum pole out and leave them bitches swole

[chorus]
Errybody lookin
(yo-yo)
Lambo's get the bitches
(mo-hoes)
Stove make the cookies
(o's-o's)
Hurtin these suckas feelings
(ouch-ouch)

Space age, what you though? what you think i say?
I make money different ways give banks through the day.
Hey hey damn I paved my way I payed my way I used to sell alot of yay I moved a key a day.
Wait wait way way way way back in the day I ran the A me an my who 2 shotguns
and a k now I'm gettin that stupid cake I'll put you to sleep like change the slate.
Then throw big faces friday in your face right in front the place.
One day you might get some money maybe 12 bars if you pay me scuse me girl you want some babys?
Gucci you can't have my babys one day I'mma go to magic city
see some ass titties scur some shrim and sip some liquer all these bitches fuckin with me.

[chorus]
errybody lookin
(yo-yo)
lambo's get the bitches
(mo-hoes)
stove make the cookies
(o's-o's)
hurtin these suckas feelings
(ouch-ouch)

Goddamn Gucci Mane just bought another lamb,
chevy with the crazy cam I pull over with that stoopid slam.
Yeaa plus I got all this jewelry on flexin like I'm serious jones bubba kush still my cologne.
Word up? Bricksquad put your birds up.
You aint never heard nothing if you never heard of us.
Blood cuz run to you, you can't rep no mo, matter you can't breath no more.
Blow so hard that there is nothing left for sure.
What? I'm royalty like King Tut.
Got someone to introduce you to baby dats deez nutz
plus I wouldnt give a flying fuck bout none of that shit you fuss about.
I fly them in them bus em out theres nothing left to talk about..

[chorus]
errybody lookin
(yo-yo)
lambo's get the bitches
(mo-hoes)
stove make the cookies
(o's-o's)
hurtin these suckas feelings
(ouch-ouch)



[Chorus:]
Coca, coca, coca cola
"yayo bought me everythang"
Yulla, yulla, baking soda "cocaine is my girlfriend" boila, boila, boilin water "damn I gotta forced game" snorta, snorta make an offer
"no prob I could cook it for ya"
Mi casa su casa partna
"my partnas get stupid guallas"
Retail shops and beauty parlors
To "cover up these dirty dollas"
Mi casa su casa partna
"my partnas get stupid guallas"
Retail shops and beauty parlors
To "cover up these dirty dollas"

[Verse:]
Mi casa su casa partna
Mi casa so full of rahstas
More ganja then reefer farmers
You can see me with binoculars
White girl with me cindy lauper
Multi deep like frank sanotra
Gave 10 birds to waka flocka
Told him drop em more den floza
Whoozy like the morning after try me then yo skull get fractured
Ransom yo lil hansom son
So sad yo that first daughter captured
Gucci hot as boiling water
My pack just came cross the border
Yo girlfriends a major snoter
But dat bitch ain't worth a quarter
Don't give that anotha thoughta
If you serve me and you shorta
Once a half a eigth a quarter
Send my goons to do the slaughter
Hustle hard got from my father
Take no shit got from my mother
Never snitched and never will
I put dat on my baby brother

[Chorus:]
Coca, coca, coca cola
"yayo bought me everythang"
Yulla, yulla, baking soda "cocaine is my girlfriend" boila, boila, boilin water "damn I gotta forced game" snorta, snorta make an offer
"no prob I could cook it for ya"
Mi casa su casa partna
"my partnas get stupid guallas"
Retail shops and beauty parlors to
"cover up these dirty dollas"
Mi casa su casa partna
"my partnas get stupid guallas"
Retail shops and beauty parlors
To "cover up these dirty dollas"



[Lil Kim:]
Ay what it do daddy?
Honey girl, Queen Bee, Lil' Kim
Ay cut that new Gucci Mane mixtape
Burrrprint, HD baby
Understand me? That joint G'D up
Just like my Gucci bag! [laughing]
So I guess that make me Gucci girl
Yeah, ay Gucci baby miss you baby
We need you hommmme free Gucci Mane!
Free Gucci Mane
Can't wait to see you potnah



[HOOK]
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie, girl you're hotter than a campfire
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside
And every since she left its like my heart died

Baby I think you can bring out Gucci's other side
She said how you dont you trust me you did a homicide
Then said I got a boyfriend who I can't put aside
Even though the grass so much greener on the other side
And every man like what he can't have
It's funny but I came at
Baby girl so bad, dis me but I aint mad
Now you wanna tease me
You should wanna squeeze me
Homie aint the kid, baby he could never be me

How you wanna go and act anti-social
Bet your man dont know you like I know you soldier
Maybe one day babe you gon get your mind right
And if you looking for me you can find me in the lam

[HOOK]
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti (Why)
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie, girl you're hotter than a campfire (Hot)
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside (Muah)
And every since she left its like my heart died

Oh Damn
Once upon a time a long time ago
I had a bitch but she felt she had to let me go
Called me out coz she cant buy cheap shit
Yeah you got talent but I'm a bad bitch
Now when I see her shorty whole swag switched
I walk right by her like she don't exist
Her car broke down and it can't get fixed
Her swag broke down and her bag counterfeit
Oh Damn!
Dats not Gucci, baby that's floochy
Remember 2000 you was acting all boozie
9 years later and you're best friend choosie (muah)
I scooped her in my phantom and I took her to the movies (yeah)
Damn

Gucci dont gotta act anti
Told her she can have me when she want
Thats when she fantasized that I can't talk to her coz I got that man pride
Ever since I left baby girl told me her heart died (Gucci!)

[HOOK]
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti (Why)
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie, girl you're hotter than a campfire (Hot)
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside (Muah)
And every since she left its like my heart died
Oh Damn!

[MYLAH:]
Excuse me if I sound a little crazy
But just wanna be good to my baby
Coz he been holding me down
He give me everything I don't need no one around
But you're saying you can give it to me better
Give me hot like it's July and I'm rockin' a sweater
Just for hitting the road
Would you women let go
Say you got 20/20
Her man's 2004
Maybe I'll give you a try
And keep it low
You ride
Something like, a test drive
See baby I get so in time

[GUCCI:]
[HOOK]
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti (Why)
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie, girl you're hotter than a campfire (Hot)
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside (Muah)
And every since she left its like my heart died
Oh Damn!



[Chorus: Trey Songz]
It's 4 in the mornin
She callin my phone
She wannna be grown
We gone get it on
She said that she lonely
Cause hes never around
Said she like my style
He can lay you down
Say he can lay you down
But I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up
He can lay you down
But I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I hopped up out my bed
Got my swag on
Stronger than filet mignon
Two Gs blown just for cologne
Money never limited
So Icey with benefits
My driver needs a passport
All my cars are immigrants!
It's so sickening
History you're witnessing
I had a girl she quit me
Now I'm single want to get with me?
Sticky again they stick to me
If you see your chick with GUCCI
Think before you confronting ruley
Ain't my fault your lady choosin
430 stepped on purp it
08 verty rollin dirty
Wardrobe clean as this detergent
Got your girlfriend picking purses
Say she lonely
Gucci only one with to meet me in person
When she met me home
My ***** told me that shes over first

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Your girlfriend keep callin me
I feel like she stalkin me
You at home
And she with me
So morning it's an argument
Gucci Mane be doggin it
Beatin her down
Straight poundin it
Drillin on your sheets
Got your blanket at the laundromat
Wait baby girl throw it back
Old man might catch heart attack
Gucci Mane not hardly that
Smack you like I'm mad at that
Swear this sex so passionate
Oral sex she mastered that
Pornographic poses
Like she posing for the internet
Wait I was not finished yet
Never been a minute man
Always been a business man
Gotta catch your feelings man
Got a man?
Oh really now?
Acting like I give a damn!

Used to like her now I don't
Got a real short attention span
GUCCI!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Gucci Trey Songz put it on
My shirt off when I perform
She say this her favorite song
She got on my favorite thong
She so hot
Too hot to touch
Truthfully too much for lames
Gucci mane I'm extra game
So extra rubbers I'm a bring
Got your main thang screaming GUCCI
Every tuesday night we cool whip
Wish we could do it more often
But I'm often somewhere flossin
Lay it down like carpet barbie
Aston martin double park it
Beat it like we got a problem
Pop her till she call me poppa
Freakin partners
Why we never bother with a second option
Hoppin got the mattress poppin
Rockin while her girlfriend watchin
Freakin partners
Why they never bother with a second option
Hoppin got the mattress poppin
Rockin while her girlfriend watchin
Guucci

[Chorus]



[Chorus]
Call 911 send Emergency
Tell the swat team to please respond wit urgency
Cause gucci stole my girl grand larceny his bars too hot that an arson
[Repeat 2x]

[Verse 1:]
I walk in and start str8 ballin
Parody me be I just came to party shawty lookin at me all retarted tarted I'm standin in the very important overseas kush import it one hit wonders cant afford it camera phone its time to take a portrait (portrait) me and you together thats gorgeous (gorgeous) she like my swag and I'm recordists she said her ex man was to boring I'm the doctor if you got insurance (insurance) first get the testin your endurance (endurance) I got a sick side effect you cant cure it (cure it) I have you thinkin about me 24/7 if you want to take a flick use caution if you legal and single we talkin (talkin)

[Chorus]
Call 911 send Emergency
Tell the swat team to please respond wit urgency cause gucci stole my girl grand larceny his bars too hot so that arson I'm about to steal your girl like a burglary yea I'm convict but girls still want to fuck with me I got that glue game bad hoes stick to me I'm in that new thang so I got ur bitch wit me
So when gucci man call it aint no mystery she kno she kidnap but she aint even trippin so when gucci mane call it no mystery she kno she kidnap she aint even trippin

[Verse 2:]
Her brain is super she for mr.birds I'm from east atlanta but we move them 30 birds do I know you?if I owe you pay you on the thirty third got ur girlfriend clueless starin she cant say a word you alert its a flirt in the club want to jerk in her skirt wit her purse she remind of my work keyed my vert know it hurt want to murk cause I smirk its berserk how she jerk passin purp like a nerf GUCCI!!!!!

[Chorus]
Call 911 send Emergency
Tell the swat team to please respond wit urgency cause gucci stole my girl grand larceny his bars too hot so that arson I'm about to steal your girl like a burglary yea I'm convict but girls still want to fuck with me I got that glue game bad hoes stick to me I'm in that new thang so I got ur bitch wit me
So when gucci man call it aint no mystery she kno she kidnap but she aint even trippin so when gucci mane call it no mystery she kno she kidnap she aint even trippin

[Verse 3:]
I really dont come off that often got a sick sound effect its not coughin (ugh ugh ugh) I toss racks out and I like tossin I got shinin problem I just like flossin (bur!) sorry babe icy like gorgeous maybe I can pay your mortgage came up bouldercrest morland
I rock a real chain like mike jordans!!

[Chorus]
Call 911 send Emergency
Tell the swat team to please respond wit urgency cause gucci stole my girl grand larceny his bars too hot so that arson I'm about to steal your girl like a burglary yea I'm convict but girls still want to fuck with me I got that glue game bad hoes stick to me I'm in that new thang so I got ur bitch wit me
So when gucci man call it aint no mystery she kno she kidnap but she aint even trippin so when gucci mane call it no mystery she kno she kidnap she aint even trippin



Bitch
Multiply, Divide me, Then add on the remainder
I push more weight then a personal trainer
I get my gucci duffle bag and my hat off the shelf
I'm a stylelist of a star cause I style myself
And I'm dancin with the stars, dancin by myself
I was lost so I had to go an find myself
You can take all my well check's, Leave my health
Cause I cant count all this money think I need some help,
It's the franchise of zone 6 no jazze cheif
I got drumma boy on the track so don't hold your breathe
I'm so icy but my flow will make the soldiers melt
I sewed the game up like my granny sewed a quilt
                                              Gucci
Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool

I got money on my mind like its changin my brain
And in the drought, water spout, gucci brings the rain
Aka the candy the candy cain, ain't proud of the fact I sold everything
And I done did all the drugs, but guess what gucci mane can sell out a club
An next guess ima have a major buzz
I'm so international I get london love

I'm no amateur my money skretches way past the perimeter
So hot I brake thermometer, my cash goes 3 kilometer's
In front of you is a conqueror, please don't sit on my furniture
My niggas stand right beside me, but your niggas up unda you

Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool

I know your life's borin, you mad that I'm tourin
I'm in the studio until its 9 in the mornin
And I'm not even tired, look I'm not yawning
I'm headed to the airport I got a performance
I'm hot and your not, but shawty your warmin
So watch out for these haters, ain't not money in warin
Make em hate harder when they stop and you worry
I'm the man in the clutch call me gucci mane orion

Cocaina shawty thats a whole nother story
Cause to a hood bitch gucci's voice is your foray
Mic check ice check another recordin
Invest mission on the avenue's im explorin
                                    Gucci
Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool

Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool



Are You Ready?
Its Gucci And Dready
Spaghetti Junction
Drop Top Ferrari Call It The Headless Horse
Water Whippin In The Kitchen
My Walkie Bitchern But I Aint Time For Stressin
Im Trying To Screction
I Hold Up My Whip With My Left Wrist
Copy Wristress
Right Wrist Makes Your Words Twist Like Chopsticks
Roof Gone Get Your Present
Top Is Absent
My Old School Make 'em Hate Me Wit A Passion
Loudin Theres A Loudin
Got The Scrodin Count Up A Hundred Thousand
In My Long Johns I'm Up On These Suckas So I Get That Whitey Blocks
See These Niggas Need To Shop Wit Me Come Up On The Knot
Dope Boy Totin Up Four Hundred Thousand To The Lot
Where Them Keys To The Rolls Royce Choppin Like Its Hot
Nigga Try Before I Beat Your Man Give That Puff A Cot
Then My Car .... Give 200 A Shot

Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Yea I'm Hot
My Feature Price Its Goin Up
Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its The Drought
You Know The Price Its Going Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Pull Up To The Club And Theyd Be Wut the Fuck

With News Flash Nigga This Is Straight Off The Wire
My Blood Just GoT blood So His Ass Got To Retire
It Aint All Good Cause I Just Left The Streets Jack
They Say Its A Drought And The Hoods Off The Meatrack
The Trap Was Going Ham Now Its Full Blown Pig
And Yours In The Streets Itll Split Your Full Grown Wig
And Niggas On That Bullshit Sellin Wax And Drywall
Careful Who You're Scoring From Niggas Bound To Dry Out
Me I'm The Trill-O G So I Aint Trippin On 'Em
We Automatic Mayne And we Aint Scared Of Grippin On 'Em
We Got Our Own Bricks You Cant Hit Your Own Licks?
Holla At The Trill-O G Or Mr Zone 6

Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Yea I'm Hot
My Feature Price Its Goin Up
Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its The Drought
You Know The Price Its Going Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Pull Up To The Club And Theyd Be Wut the Fuck

Bring Them Helicopter Prices In The Hood This Shit Outrageous
Gucci Mane Aint Got Like The Money Get Contagious
Stupid Don Porshe Cocaine Miley Cyrus
If Money A Disease I Got A Million Dollar Virus
Lookin Out The Window And My House Looking Like An Island
Fresher Nigga In And Out With An Stylist
Man Cost A Hundred But The Chopper Cost A Thousand
125 Grand  pools Running In Your House
The Work Banked Up But the Yeast Went Down
500 Dog Flagged Get Your Bitch Gunned Down
Throw It Up Throw It Up Aces And Spades Pull It Up
Bottle After Bottle We Going Harder Till We Throwin Up

Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Yea I'm Hot
My Feature Price Its Goin Up
Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its Goin Up Its The Drought
You Know The Price Its Going Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Said Up Zone 6 My Check Up
Pull Up To The Club And Theyd Be Wut the Fuck



Hit the mall spend 30 like the shit normal
Me and my broad nothing but gucci, louis, ferragamo
Drop racks, get it back
Call the shit karma
Fuckin models when I want
All your hoes normal
Blowing kush
What your smokin smellin really normal
Ask me if I wanna hit it
I don't really wanna
Pulled up, old school, paint willy wonka
Cuts all white, but the rims abnormal
Backseat on my rolls in my silk pajamas
Hoppin out in house shoes like the shit normal
Change my jewelery every day cuz it the summer
If yo bitch want my number
Chill, it's really normal

[Chorus]
Abnormal, nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb, now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma, this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer, she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama

He pull up in a honda
tThat's normal
I pull up in a zonda same color lasagna
My goons'll put you under
Confront us
Got guns like super contra
Stay armored
You bought your girl some (ahh ahh)
Don't want 'em
My girl got on piranhas
That's abnormal
My bracelet cost a honda
That's abnormal
We'll rob you where I come from
That's a promise
She's a snake charmer
Anaconda
Real man eat her
Like jeffrey dahlmer
I can't stand people mad cuz
Their lives are normal
I got long money, bitch
Put it on my momma

[Chorus]
Abnormal, nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb, now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma, this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer, she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama

Bad bitches be stuntin me
They all wanna fuck, they warnin me
So I told her to kiss her homegirl
She said "i don't do that normally"
Shit I don't do shit the normal way
Gotta fuck with me the enormous way
Back in the day, humongous yay
I don't do that front shit normally
Me and flocka rockin iced out ornaments
Make a hit then start performin it
Got a club funked out like parliament
Brick squad we ain't with all the normal shit
She a dime piece, but you a normal bitch
Real ?? max girl can't work the stick
Won't touch the girl, nor hit the girl
She's just a normal ass chick in a normal world
It's gucci baby, you a gucci girl
Het a one way ticket to gucci's world
Where night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him, he too normal baby
It's gucci baby, you a gucci lady
Pull my dick out make you say "gucci's crazy"
Night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him, he too normal baby

[Chorus]
Abnormal, nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb, now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma, this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer, she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama



I Spend My Winter In Jail So I'm Balling All Summer
Bad Bitches On My Tail Hunt Me Like a Bounty Hunter
Never Shout Out A Tip For My Momma Never Had A Daughter
Pussy Niggas Scared Of Me See Through You Like A Bottle Of Water

Gucci Manes A Bottle Popper
Hundred Bottles Opened Up
Still Slaggin Opiou
Smokin At The Atrium
Its all Hell I'm Still Makin Plays
Right By The Stadium
We Look Like A Gymnasium
Your Boys Might Be Just Takin 'Em
Women Take A Look At Me
Recognize The Crook In Me
And If I Go Away They Cuff A Money In My Book For Me

Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout him Trafficking
Cause I'm African (African) American (American)

ATL DEA Gucci Mane I'm Tryin To Set 10 Bricks A Day
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI) Said I Sold You What? You A Fuckin Liar
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout I'm Trafficking

See My Picture They Try To Point Me Out The Line Up
Now Its In The Chaos Shows Promotoer Screaming Back The Line Up
Then My Barber 2 300 Just So He Can Keep My Line Up
CEO Gucci Brick Sqaud Bet You Wanna Signing
Im Laughing At These Rappers Square Yea Like A Carpet
You A Thirst Starvin Artist I'm Not An Artist I'm A Arsonist
Rappers in My Porsenit And they all Rejoicing It
And Georgias Most Anticipated Screamin Who You Want It Wit?
If You Want Then Beef You Get Murk Your Friend Then Plead The Fifth
Two Girls On My Face So I'm Still Tike My Fucking Self
Im The Last Real Nigga Left Man Theres Sucker Everywhere
Never Ever Trade In My Circle How Could You When You're A Square
Sit In The Electric Chair Like Flashin Front Of Me
Thinkin Bout Walkin Back Bare Feet Hardly Nothin To Eat
Everery Day I Promise Me Till They Come And Punish Me
I Keep Chasin Money Skee And Let These Hoes Keep Chasin Me

ATL DEA Gucci Mane I'm Tryin To Set 10 Bricks A Day
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI) Said I Sold You What? You A fuckin Liar
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout I'm Trafficking

ATL DEA
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI)
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham



[Chorus]
Im Back On These streets Niggas You Know What The Fuck It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Im Tatted Up Dreads Shakin You Know What The Fuck It Is
Waka Flocka Flame One Hood Ass Nigga
You Know You Know You Know
You Know What It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Gucci Gucci Mane Nigga
Waka Flocka Flame Nigga
Dont Act Like You Dont Know My Motherfuckin Name Nigga

[Verse]
My Swag Sick So I Sneezed On A Hoe
Im A Rich Boy I Might Throw Some D's On A Hoe
Never Seen One Of These I'm Not One Of Them Wannabes
This Aint Where You Want To Be Then She Can Leave Beat Your Feet
On Every Beat I Go Honey Baked Ham I'm A Beast
If Its Beef Leave You Shitless Laying On The Streets
Is It Hot In This Motherfucking Booth Or Is It Me
Me And J Frago Way Back To Jazz And T
Smokin Weed In A Leaf Bitches sweat Me Like I'm Keith
Theres A Very Strong Smell Coming Out The VIP
Ima Do It For The Hood I'm A Product of the Skreets
We'll Put You On The Game All On The Count Of 3

[Chorus]
Im Back On These streets Niggas You Know What The Fuck It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Im Tatted Up Dreads Shakin You Know What The Fuck It Is
Waka Flocka Flame One Hood Ass Nigga
You Know You Know You Know
You Know What It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Gucci Gucci Mane Nigga
Waka Flocka Flame Nigga
Dont Act Like You don't Know My Motherfuckin Name Jigga

She Intrigues She Precedes She Might End Up Into Deep
Give it To Her So Good Have Her Coming In Her Sleep
Take A TwitPic Of Gucci Dick And Send It As A Tweet
Ever Since She Met Me Say Them Niggas Obsolete
Im Buyin Cars I Dont Really Need Race 'em Down The Streets
Ya'll The Fleet I Cant Bring One Out I Drive 'Em By The Three
In A League Of My Own He Dont Own A Pair Of Cleats
Im A Freak On Patron Dont Sit Your Girlfriend Next To G
He Say He Go As Hard as Me Tell Him I Want To See
Do Six Months Then Get Out n Spend 2 Million In A Week
My Seat Never Went For Nothing And Ima Put That On My Niece
Ima A hustler Get Your Ones All Through My Family Tree

[Chorus]
Im Back On These streets Niggas You Know What The Fuck It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Im Tatted Up Dreads Shakin You Know What The Fuck It Is
Waka Flocka Flame One Hood Ass Nigga
You Know You Know You Know
You Know What It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Gucci Gucci Mane Nigga
Waka Flocka Flame Nigga
Dont Act Like You Know My Motherfuckin Name Nigga

[Verse - Waka Flocka]
Let Me Hop Back On The Set With This Brand Single
Million Dollar Niggas Still Ridin In A Regal
Hood Ass Nigga I Got More Stripes Than A Bengal
Shawty Pullin Slick Shit Me And Him Aint No Equal
Heard That Boy Not Eatin So Flocka Just Might Feed You
Two Hundred V My Hype Man Now Thats A Great Price Man
Gucci Thats My Right Hand Two Ounces In My Sprite Can
AKA The Light Man They Call Me Waka Flocka
Told My Man Guwap Ima Make Him A Quarter Mil
Broke Before These Record Deals
Im Just Tryin To Keep It Real
These Rap Niggas Flyin On The Low These Niggas Stoppin
Sexual Healin On Your Girl Like A Marvin

[Chorus]
Im Back On These streets Niggas You Know What The Fuck It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Im Tatted Up Dreads Shakin You Know What The Fuck It Is
Waka Flocka Flame One Hood Ass Nigga
You Know You Know You Know
You Know What It Is
Cause Gucci Mane La Flair One Hood Ass Nigga
Gucci Gucci Mane Nigga
Waka Flocka Flame Nigga
Dont Act Like You don't Know My Motherfuckin Name Nigga



[Intro]

[Chorus]
Tell Me What You Wanna Do?
What You wanna Do?
I Got Killas On The Rooftop All On The Rooftop
Who You Wanna Shoot But I Dont Wanna Go Back
You Dont Wanna Do That Why You Gotta Prove That?
What You Gotta Prove These Niggas Better Move Back
Shoes Come In Two Stacks Ima Take A Few Back
What You wanna Do? Im Choking On That Fruit Pack
Why Would You Woo That?
Crazy Color Coupe What You Wanna Do?

[Verse]
Sippin On The Loot (Eghh)
Im Walkin From The Car Line Straight To The Boost
So My Swagger Through The Roof
I Got Money Too This What Money Do
My Shoes Came From The Zoo
My Cane Came From Paroon
My Car Paint Pyroon
Piss Body Say Sawoo
My Earings Came In Blue
We Walk In Different Hues
See Me On The News
My Lawyer Is A Shoe
In Case You wanna Sue
I Got Alot Of Scoons
Your Beef Aint Nothing New
I pull Up In A Coupe
Same Color As a Suit
And I Aint Got On A Suit
I Pull Up Blossom Blue
My Rim Right By The Pool
I Said Look At The View
Tell Me What You Wanna Do

[Chorus]
Tell Me What You Wanna Do?
What You wanna Do?
I Got Killas On The Rooftop All On The Rooftop
Who You Wanna Shoot But I Dont Wanna Go Back
You Dont Wanna Do That Why You Gotta Prove That?
What You Gotta Prove These Niggas Better Move Back
Shoes Come In Two Stacks Ima Take A Few Back
What You wanna Do? Im Choking On That Fruit Pack
Why Would You Woo That?
Crazy Color Coupe What You Wanna Do?

[Verse]
Them Bitch Detergent Riding Dirty Is You Nervous
Conduct Yourself One Class On Me Tasha Dont Disturb Me
Describe Your Body You're Like A Circus You're Unreliable
I Want The Cash The Car All The Girls Im Entitled To
My White Grand Like Them rich White Girls Back Then
Ass Banquets Like Paying Texas On A Back Hand
Gucci Mane Air Train How I Fly The Hoes In
Would Be My Good Friend Till I Put My Golds In
Now Ive Crossed The Globe Boy I Stick My Nose In
Ten Thousand Diamond Dollar Loafers I Put My Toes In
Fresh Boy The Post Man The Books Are Closed
They Might Not Re-Open Cause You Niggas Is Hoes

[Chorus]
Tell Me What You Wanna Do?
What You wanna Do?
I Got Killas On The Rooftop All On The Rooftop
Who You Wanna Shoot But I Dont Wanna Go Back
You Dont Wanna Do That Why You Gotta Prove That?
What You Gotta Prove These Niggas Better Move Back
Shoes Come In Two Stacks Ima Take A Few Back
What You wanna Do? Im Choking On That Fruit Pack
Why Would You Woo That?
Crazy Color Coupe What You Wanna Do?

[Outro]



[Chorus]
Catch Me In The Six
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Six
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Six
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Club Women
Droolin Droolin
Women Let It Dry 
Now its Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin
Top Back In That Thang
Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin

Crack A Barrel Of Rum Million Dollar Chest
Was Grabbin Me Release Me Cause You All Must Be Beneath Me
Higher Than A Palm Tree Flyer Than A Jet Li
If You Disrepect Me My Shooters Will Correct Ye
Freaky Than A Old Man Sneaky As A car Thief
The Way Im Rollin Broccoli You Would Think Im A Marley
She Cant Keep Eyes Off Me Puffin One Off Me
Pull Up In That Rarley Take A Lick Its Coffee
Yea Im Going Izzy Club Going Crazy
Empty Spade Bottles Like A Parade
Wanted By The Police But They Gonna Have To Catch Me
Better Call For Backup Cause I Aint Going Back See (No!)
Ima Run My Stack So Yellow Bone Attract Me
... Is Gonna be Fine As Fuck I Dont Care If They Text Me
Your Girl Wont Leave Me Alone Holmes Sexually Harrass Me
She Need To Go Ahead I dont Jones Cant Let Her Discrat Me
Its Gucci 

[Chorus]
Catch Me In The Six
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Club Women
Droolin Droolin
Women Let It Dry 
Now its Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin
Top Back In That Thang
Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin

Let Me Pull Your Coat To This
Parlour Is .....It
Quarter Pound We Smoke To it
.....
I Told Her I Didnt Total It
Didnt Think Youd Notice It
Get Out My Mind Jump In My Car
Im On That Billy Ocean Shit
Its Like No Verd I Like To Flirt 
No Nacho Casanova
Im Not Romeo Im Gucci Hoe
Tryin To Bend You Over
I Live in Different Tone zone
I Cant Let My Minds Gone
Can You Bring My Bling
Cause Oops I Left My Bling at Home
I Shine Too Bright With My Ice I Shouldve Left My Chain At Home
Farted In The Wind So No Way These Girls Leave Me Home
Ima Jump In What You Want But My Old School Full Of Chrome
When I Blow I Go Dumb Right Pass The Georgia Dome
Brick Squad Brick Squad Its Them Ozone Sixes Boys
.....
I Wont Even Lie To You I Feel Im The Shit Boy
Im Not Talkin Sly To You Im Talking Shit Boy

[Chorus]
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Six
Koolin Koolin
Catch Me In The Club Women
Droolin Droolin
Women Let It Dry 
Now its Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin
Top Back In That Thang
Koolin Koolin
Stupid Jury All
Koolin Koolin
Bottles Of Champagne
Koolin Koolin



[Verse 1]
My trap house chill like Morehouse I got niggas all around it
But yo trap like a whore house probly in there cooking brownies
Spell me, spell me, ain't nothing you can tell them
My goons all trained to go but you squad more pussy then Spellman
We stomp you like the Q-Dogs aka Alpha Kappa
Gambling with a poolshark find your body after later
College campus kush pack, three blunts make the party start
Don't make me start burning kush then start burning your body parts
Zone 6 still ma I'm a model, I'm valedictorian
Girl just broke up with me say I fucked the whole sorority
Retarted all the time I was bumpin' and choppin' authority
Tell it to my nine, 'cause you bitch niggas be boring me

[Hook]
He's got made for teenagers scary you can't join
But if you have the heart we can link up and have fun
They drink up all of the fuck if the lockers were made of bud
'Cause these cowards die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one
You know it's what these bitches in Atlanta keep goin'
Don't keep up the security we see 'em we keep blowin'
No glory for the team with scarce money and no guns
'Cause a coward die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one

[Verse 2]
I empty out the clip, believe me that's not a myth
I murk you on the scrifin' one question I plead the fifth
Your kush pack and my cocaine whiter than Taylor swift
And they tailor make my bread and dine collar costs me a grip
I'm cleaner than a whistle black diamonds matchin' my pistols
So beefin' with me nigga best keep yo head on a swivel
Quarter ticket every week and you dig it that's how I kick it
So you can leave the money and you can have all the bitches
Pardon my apology rappers these days not as hard as me
Avoiding me that's obviously cause they know they just frosted me
I brought to me you softer than Charmin and that's not hard to see
I own the street every beat that I spit on my fans applauded me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm back in the Maybach I'm blowin Kush in the back
Eight thousand dollars for the set, time to roll me another fat
The police pull me over they think of gon' catch a trap
Don't know it's only personal uses what's up with that
My wrist and knicks so rocksy I'm choppin' game up with Terrance (BURR)
I'm worn all 6 import talkin' cockin' thanks to my parents (BURR)
You strippers seen 10K worth of singles they squeeze they nipples
I tempt one till she twiddle and that's a bitch 'till she cripple
I keep word to a minimal rappers now wanna hush
I got to say too much 'cause my jewelry can't says enough (BURR)
I'm keep 'em up that's why you niggas ain't deep enough
You say you poppin' deep dish yo pockets ain't deep enough

[Hook]



[Verse 1]
They overdosing on my swag, put the whole goddamn hood in rehab
Too many ruffles in my duffle, can't close this bag it's so much cash
I need ten hands now to count my stash
LL Cool Gucci Mane I'm bad
Never need a mask, better check my stash you must be hallu-ci-na-tin'
First day out girl ain't you glad, six supermodels crashing at my pad
I should be a model drinkin' outta gold bottle with some true religions jeans saggin'
off my ass
Please don't crash, am I goin' too fast, touchdown anywhere I don't need no pass
Might need some gum 'cause I'm fixin' to talk trash 'cause I keep 'em on task like a kid in class
Hater can't hit what a hater can't see
I told you forty haters sure can't see me
Wouldn't know what hit if I hit 'em in the head with a four by four standin' six foot three
Ready for my bitch crocodile the sheet
Never met a girl ain't fuck first week
You never met a G throw a $10,000 white mink on the floor live on B.E.T.

[Chorus]
Only got one life I can live
There's only so much game I can give
So you can watch the show chillin' at your crib
And please turn the music up so I can jam
But I be smokin' 'dro
I'ma fuck some hoes
I'm about a day wake up and then go buy some more
They tell a grown man what to do with his
Is your prerogative I'ma mind my biz
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money, poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
That's just what I like

[Verse 2]
Screamin' I'mma Be like The Black Eyed Peas
I wanna be free and you wanna be me
Best be ease if you really want breeze I'll fly you by the trees lookin' like swiss cheese
Just came home ain't thinkin' bout sleep
Bet yo favorite rapper ain't slept in weeks
Thinkin' bout me like a down street noise over soon as the leather feet touch concrete
When I'm south-beach blowin' on tree
Whippin' down the street like I'm ridin' on D's
A new Ferrari flyin' down B street girl like roll your window down Gucci Mane please May 12, 2010 I'm free
Caught up in the booth like 1017
Before I'm through fire jumpin' out the roof but we don't need water please bring more weed
Gucci Mane win now they want to switch teams
Can't entertain that by no means
Wan to get on nigga chase your dreams
Stop chasin' me down like a dope fiend
Startin' off my day with a M-16
Shit ain't been the same since I turned sixteen
Whole life changed after so icy first album on the charts came out same week Gucci

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
My auntie had a stroke and she still can't speak
Wrote me every week real talk that's deep
Ex cell mate got a thirty-five piece
Won't be released 'till 2033
On the same birthday my boy turned 3
And lookin' at him is like I'm lookin' at me
Can't look back watch the moves I make for the moves that I make fuck around and make me Gucci

[Chorus]



[Chorus:]
Makin love to the money
I swear the sex great
I kicked them hoes out
but let the money stay
makin love to the money like a sex tape
I'm talkin kim k I'm talkin Ray J
makin love to the money on the interstate
can't keep my hands off her
we on a dinner date
I'm makin love to my money
shawty keep me str8
I cant live without her
I fuck her everyday

[Verse 1:]
Shawty stay by my side when I started grindin
she the main reason why a nigga shinin
strippers cant see me all this money flyin
30 yrs old talkin bout retirin
I'ma show these hoes who the king of diamonds soon as I walk in the king of diamonds
she broke up wit me once almost had me cryin
she knew that I was cheatin cause she caught me lyin
king of the jungle I'ma lion
white line at the house
we named it Miley Cyrus
she never talk back baby very private
she got me talkin shit but she kinda quiet

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
I gotta take her every where
cause these niggas crazy
only leave her by herself
on special occasions
I love makin love cause she so amazing
when I bring her to the club
them hoes be goin crazy
every nigga in the hood
wanna fuck my lady
cant wait for me to slip
so they can take my baby
she get me outta jams
or tight situations
love aint got no cut off point
aint no limitations
she got me in that dice sittin on them thangs
we strikin out them hoes dont look at me the same but fuck it they aint gotta fuck wit me at all
I pick my baby up & took her to the mall

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Now baby aint no angel
but she a keeper
before she dealt wit me
she dealt wit some real evil people
she bought me ak's call it desert eagles
cocaine hammer pills man its stupid regals
I took her from her ex yeaa he kinda cheap
the very day she left
we started beepin
and she dont ever lie to me
she keep it real
your bitch keep comin short
my bitch keep wearin heels
she keep on standin tall
she never stand me up
she'll go to war wit anybody
she dont give a fuck
she help me keep it in the road
like a hub cap
so I keep her on my mind
like a skull cap

[Chorus]



[Chorus]
Jacuzzi on the roof ugly, hoes dont keep the time of day,
cheefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away,
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away,
Gucci Mane got long money bitch thats all I got to say

Gucci mane got long, thats wht them bitches say [3x]
I don't even gotta talk my money conversate

Intresting got a money tree, I drown a bitch in money, farrari with the boam beats,
forgiatos and a bunyon. (How many karats in that braclet?)
I think about 200, plus I hit the club with 50k lets keep this shit 100,
got a couple houses,several spouses in my pin house smoking ounces,
came up selln keys and ounces, half a pound whit gold and brown,
my pants sagging grams were them down, use to catch a train and go downtown,
use to walk around and window shop now I shut the mall down everytime (Gucci!)
Everytime I hit the seen fresher than I want to be,
cover of the magazine back of the limozine
(Yeaa), stacks in my denim jeans hoes gonna remember,
458 ship me to facility (nyoo) 6 12's sittn outside the vacility
911 Gucci Mane ice game killn me, came a long way from drug dealing waking up rich is a great feeling,
couple missed steps from a grand children just hand counted me a cool half million, up on them,
pull up on them like a bird drop a load and shit on them,
piss on them spit on them, tell them hatersd gucci got rich on them.

[Chorus]
Jacuzzi on the roof ugly hoes dont keep the time of day,
cheeefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away,
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away
Gucci Mane got long money bitch that's all I got to say

Gucci Mane got long money, thats what them bitches say [3x]
I don't even gotta talk my money converste.

Pitty I make magic I make money dissappear,
Its a tragity how clear this diamonds blinging in my ear,



[Chorus:]
I know this hoe
But if the shoe fits your gunna have to wear it
So you can't be mad for me talkin bout
Do what you do cause everybody says
A hoe gon be a hoe
Oh-o-o-o-o
A hoe gon be a hoe
Oh-o-o-o-o
A hoe gon be a hoe
Oh-o-o-o-o
Everybody knows everybody know
A hoe gon be a hoe

A hoe gon be a hoe I gotta let you know
Cause I got plenty hoes and these hoes come and go
I'll be 84 and still be catchin hoes
Baby this my grand center be rise and 34
Know a couple women love a bottle remy
Only thing I pay them hoes is no attention
I pull another hoe I do another show
I'm always on the road that's how I'm catching hoes
I merk em on the simon the voice of russel simons
Still got baby phat tell me whose pimping
We need to ride with killers she was a six slinger
She got the reigning champ cusz she was a trick nigga

[Chorus]

A hoe gotta main hoe fucking her with a dildo
She asked me for another pill bitch is your furreal hoe
Purple bag of dro same color her stilettos
I make that bitch my girl cause she fronted me some elbows
Fifth plaza wow lenox mall now
Shes a rainbow silly trick south decater broad
Yo done rolled a bad chick now you think your so fresh
You a 2 dollar bitch in a 100 dollar dress
Top notch dime peice big chest no lisp
And she asked to suck my dick so I told that bitch yes
Top notch dime piece and it's gucci mane la flare
And she asked to suck my dick so I told that bitch yeahhh

[Chorus x2]



[Gucci Mane]
Its Gucci!...Bricksquad...Go Hard In Da Paint Man...King Of Diamonds...Khaled!..M.I.A...East Atlanta...Riverdale...Queens...Ohkay...Flocka!...(Gucci!)

[Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]
Flocka!...Flocka!..BRICKSQUAAAAADDDDD, Pow, Pow, Pow, Pow... 

I Woke Up Dis Mornin, Bussed Down A Swisha 
Looked In Da Mirror Like Im One Rich Ass Nigga 
Brush My Teeth Wit Hundreds, Whipe My Ass Wit Dese Fifties 
All About Da Benji's Competition Cant Fuck Wit Me (Flocka!) 
Know Dese Niggas Envy, Green Bottle Remy 50, In My Semi 
Waka Flocka Flame...Im Not Friendly 
Im So Muthafuckin Neighborhood Lets Get Dat Understood 
Im Not Crossin Ova ... Dis Aint B-Ball 
Got Potnas Behind Da G-Wall, 30 For A Murda Dawg 
So I Gotta Get It All, I Pull Up In A 2 Door 
Same Color As Some Puddin... 
Goddamn Dat Car Good Lookin...Driver Good Lookin 
Goddamn Dem Rims Good Lookin... 

[Hook]
I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me, Dey Say Dat Imitation Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Da Tre-8 In Ya Mouth I Make Ya Like It... 
Dey Say Dat Mimicking Is Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Dat AK In Yo Face & I Make Ya Like Me... 

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
No Chit Chat, Hit Me Back 
Gucci Did Dis, Gucci Mane Did Dat 
If I Did Dis And I Didnt Do Dat, Why'd I Do Dat, Why'd I Do Dat? 
Put A Lil Dis, Wit A Lil Dat 
But Aint Nuttin Lil Bout Dat Dere Cat 
Triple Balck, Back To Back 
By Myself, Still Back To Back 
Call Me Sacks, Cuz I Got Dem Racks 
Got Dem Green Bags Duffle Bags Cant Hold Cash 
CEO, Labled As, And It Cost A Price Tag But It Make Me Glad 
Im So Jazz, Im So Class 
I Dont Need No Bronco To Make Mad 
Bitch Aint Bad 
Watch Em Chest N Da Mouth Like A Man Got Mo Bags in His Stash 
Oh My Goodness, She Sittin In Puddin, Feel Like She Shouldnt 
Why She Shouldnt, Why Mess Wit Hundreds, Ride Round In Bentleys 
I Know Da Average Block Was Poppalin... Dont Like Me Cuz Im Fuckin ICEY... 

[Hook]
I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me, Dey Say Dat Imitation Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Da Tre-8 In Ya Mouth I Make Ya Like It... 
Dey Say Dat Mimicking Is Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Dat AK In Yo Face & I Make Ya Like Me...



Ey mr d o double r my nigga blocko Gucci Mane
Whats happenin yeah yeah

I aint bullshittin
Gucci bout his buisiness
Twelve tryin catch me they got me jumpin fences
Loose chain comin in as 18 inches
Fifteen five blunt gettin wit the quickness
Im no lawyer I'm no doctor
Gucci mane a mobster I smoke it like a robster
Pounds like datham pills like poppin
Iced out ... your girlfriend jockin
Somebody stop him somebody get him
He crazy as a fool and he got them goons wit him
Somebody stop him somebody get him
He crazy as a fool and he got them goons wit him 

(ey daddy can I ride wit chu)
Yeeah
(I got a friend can she ride too)
Yeeah
(can I tell you what I might do)
Yeeah
(yeah) yeeah (yeah) yeeah
Hey girl do you like my ride
(yeah)
Tell your friend she hop inside
(yeah)
Do you wanna party all night
(yeah)
(yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah)

When I'm in the club looking good bitches like me
I aint gotta dress I can wear all white tees
Hoes boppin cause they see me with my chain on
Im a g I aint gotta run game
Cause bitch I'm getting paid
I pop collars and the pendent 
Get it in the pendent making dollars 
In the pendent move ?
Yes I do lil mama got friends tell them bring them too
Naked I make nude I make nude
Looking at my body as I walk through the club
I think I see a cutie looking like she up the poor
Girl mail the cookie boy
Said she want a superstar 
Nigga heres something better
Here comes mister d o double r 
With a long ass dick I can hit em up from afar 
Better watch out I'll fuck yo chick
Bitch got friends I'll fuck her clique
I'll make em say yeah 

(ey daddy can I ride wit chu)
Yeeah
(I got a friend can she ride too
Yeeah
(can I tell you what I might do)
Yeeah
(yeah) yeeah (yeah) yeeah
Hey girly do you like my ride
(yeah)
Tell your friend she hop inside
(yeah)
Do you wanna party all night
(yeah)
(yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah)



[Chorus]
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires
Now shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire.
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire
Pull up in the club, got a dub .of da brick fare.?

[Gucci]
Vampire onstage, black shades,
Vampire, vampire, black fur, red floor lamper?
I put my left foot first then I make them say burrrr, she's a vampire.
Yousa tramp signer yousa cent for a pimp you been temp loser
I'm a vamp hit the hamp cop a dub hit the club glue em on tight hold em right
I'ma thug bitches love she's a vampire she's a cum finder,
Every mamma in the hood wanna get behind her,
She's so fine she's so white think I wanna sign her,
She ain't gotta sneak around, she'll shop and smoke purp (purr),
I'm a vamp hit the cris cop a ??

[Chorus]
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire,
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare mr. zone 6,
Pretty bitches commin wit flare, vampire, vampire,
Club full of vampires, vampire, vampire, suck me like a vampire

[Trina]
Gucci, do me, throw me in the movie when you see me you salute, true blood ooooh eeee.
Soowoo suck 'em like a leech make em chew me if it ain't about the money, ain't no talkin to me.
Giddy up horsey panorama porsey I am not remorsey I eat a dinner corsey
No he fuckin wit the right bitch, tight griss?? soft lips,
?? lights, all them vinnegar chips, my night shift, the only bad bitch,
Sting like a cactus, these hoes is actess, I'm marry magdilan,
Ya I'm body baggin, no more relaxin, I'm biten necks full moon eclipse.

[Chorus]
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire,
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare.? 
Rims cost brick fare chicks [?] cost zip fare mr. zone 6,
Pretty bitches commin wit flare, vampire, vampire,
Club full of vampires, vampire, vampire, suck me like a vampire

[Gucci]
Stept aside in my vampire ride,
Its a yellow lam tam steerin wheele on otha side she called me ten times,
Need to let that shit ride, if her old man catch her man, I let that bitch slide.
... my hood to 6, headin up to west side, vampires outside they be trappin all night,
?? swissa's itsa wrap itsa wrap

[Gucci]
I am just anotha nigga from the trap wit a scrap on my lap just incase dirty rats,
Filthy pigs, stupid fuck yousa vampire, tell these snitches to suck it,
Tryina suck up information probably work for tha force,
Where you at filthy pig, I'm not a duck stupid fuck.

[Chorus]
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire,
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub moving brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare, Mr. Zone 6,
Pretty bitches commin wit flare,
Vampire, vampire, club full of vampires, vampire, vampire, suck me like a vampire

Its gucci, gucci



I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now, you know why ITS GUCCI TIME

Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time [?] have no idea 

[Chorus - x2:]
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 

Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal

[Chorus - x2:]
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on

Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin, you aint doin nothin

[Chorus:]
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on
Its gucci time!

Hands up! Its gucci time!



[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, burrr burrr
This is special, GUCCCI
Its Gucci, thats what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman, showtime

[Hook: Swizz Beatz]
My pocket on swole, my rims on chrome
When I hit the club, everything goes
Bottles in the air, put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here, I dont really care
Cuz I ride on em, I style on em
I lean on em, yes, I flash on em
Yeh I know, thats the way you like it, huh, yeh
Thats the way you love me, huh? Its alive..its alive

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
It's alive, it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight, but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Im in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion, don't park your car next to mine
Ima start when the light hit, Im 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage, they let me out just in time
They got a section, but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit, don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line, walk in, and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside, that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit, classified
Don't blame me, Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe, can't breathe, Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin, Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Hurry up, hurry up Gucci on the news, they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do, admit it, you confused
Too much cash on me, hundreds fallin out me, true
Big yellow wrists, bright as piss, bitch Im the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz, lets make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby, let me breathe
Cuz I dont check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French, bitch Im so Gucci, I so fuckin gutter
It dont make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Swizz Beatz]
Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog, my wife is it
Now I'm back, back on 'em like I never, never left
Plus the boy right here, I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah, I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me, I did it my way

[Hook]



[Intro]
OKAY!
Fuck it, I don't care.
The Appeal!
When I fucking came to this fucking country,
All I had was a dollar and a dream.

[Verse 1:]
We need more Ros, My bitches gettin' thristy, 
My words like New Years, Christmas came early, (BuRR!)
Got these bitches urling, my earring's perfect, 
My left pinkey finger rolling like George Gervin, 
My name ain't Ervin, but call me Magic.
Abra Cadabra, top off the Phathom, 
458 Italia, first in the states, out of town plates, just to make it look great.
I need a haircut, plus a carwash.
I get out the car and they take their bra's off.
See I fought the law and the fuckin law won, 
Came back on Appeal wanna new outcome, 
Overload your eardrumbs, hear it hear it come! 
Income Income, go and get you sum.
Say bye to the Bad guy, Wave bye to the Bad guy, Gucci Mane the bad guy.
Yes, I am the Bad guy, Wave bye to the Bad guy.

[Chorus:]
I came to this country with a dollar and a dream and a choppa and a team full of killas, what you mean?
Imma bad guy, bad guy from start til the end
Say hello to my little friend
I couldve been a doctor, shouldve been a lawyer
I go to court so much I couldve been my own employer
Imma die a dope boy, always been a hustla, 
Started off custom now I (Say hello to my little friend)

[Verse 2 - Bun B:]
.......

[Chorus:]

[Verse 3:]
I got 60 racks laying on the floor in magic city
Like Samuel L Jackson I think it's time for killing
I touched his wife titty and the nigga start tripping
That ain't proper etiquette you see the bitch stripping

AR-15 whipped his ass into pieces
Don't get it twisted think it's all about the pieces
And all about the bracelets 
I'm still fighting cases 
10 thousand for the glasses 
Diamonds in they faces (BuRR, BuRR)

Your own blood taste it 
We stomp you till you tasteless
My t-shirt ain't tailored... 

You read what is said - bitch
Brick squad bossman off with you head - bitch
Run for the exit 

They shooting inside here
Parking lot gun fight bodies outside here
Police best bet come with the riot gear
Soldiers down to die here

Move to America 
Dollar and a dream and a donor picture, tear it up

[Chorus:]

[Chorus:]



Started out with blood money
50k in drugs on me
[?] put thugs on me
Just pulled up in the club homey
We just put my thugs on it
Home boy gettin his mug on
Hey I wanna get my buzz on
Fuck around I'll put my gloves on
Say no robbin how I eat
B.c 32 that's my street
Brick squad runners 10 million deep
I'm tryin to sell 10 billion keys
Fuck what a bitch boy say to me
AKA I stay with me
Mac 99 not far away my dogs don't even play with me
In my apartment 80 a piece
Stack a piece 80 g's
Old skool dope rider front
Off set shots 73
You say he's a traper pleas
I hang around with a gang of thieves
They prolly charge 200g's then sell your ass a sack of leaves
Gucci mane fuck up the sound
Dead drunk like my uncle
Touch my brother dood n I'll cock and shoot or cut your throat
Gucci mane fuck up the sound
Dead drunk like my uncle
Touch my brother dood n I'll cock and shoot or cut your throat

My cookers made a 50 pack I ran strait threw it
Got numbers in my blow spot my trap house boomin talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk
I'm still in my trap house aka my blow spot
Got some meny chops and glock no need to keep the door locked
Bitch I'm talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk

55 white bricks fronted to me
23 thous 5h unit a piece
357 sit on top of the seats
Plus a air 15 ain't far from my reach
Got a house on flat shore sell nothin but dro
Apartment on the crest ware I get all the blow
Went from pan to perform till 80s show
Now a 26 a shocks sit up unda the rows
A nigga think he playin with me betta play with his nose
Put a hole in his chest bout the size of a mole
I gota j that swing my door and I pay them in dope
I got cookers on my team that snort and I pay them in coke

My cookers made a 50 pack I ran strait threw it
Got numbers in my blow spot my trap house is boomin talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk
I'm still in my trap house aka my blow spot
Got some meny chops and glock no need to keep the door locked
Bitch I'm talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk

There's not no one in the game with more swagger than this
Cause I can score with any hoe with just the flick of my wrist
Diamonds sittin on my finger cost ten bricks of the sniff
For this matchin cardia 20 bags of tha pills
You can talk n say your sick but I ain't goin legit
Tryna think of the newest murder gonna drop him again
Flow harder than running water
Tatted up like Travis Barker
More swag than your baby father
Wrist colder than northan border
Lang gonna get you life in order
Squares don't get no likin on
Have my goons out back and slaughter
Fuck around find you stinkin partner
Thesis diamonds in this bitch look like newvo on my fist
This shits with a twist so I keep a new bitch on my dick

My cookers made a 50 pack I ran strait threw it
Got numbers in my blow spot my trap house boomin talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk
I'm still in my trap house aka my blow spot
Got some meny chops and glock no need to keep the door locked
Bitch I'm talkin trap talk
Bitch I bet up with me talkin trap talk



[Chorus:]
Wife beater, yellow diamonds, lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look, now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos, Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing, now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing, it get missing, it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back, girl lets get missing. 

[Verse:]
?? filled the wrong prescription, I'm lifted, I'm gifted 
the hood cant get enough they addicted 
My pinky cost a 50 plus a 50, 50 at 100 quarter ticket 
She miss me she wish she didn't get so damn addicted 
afflicted she don't wanna be a statistic 
first round pick she a bad bitch, a bad bitch 
lookin at me lookin at her, damn she a draft pick 
elaborate, photographic, gots to have it 
my Georgia dick'll have her happy, drizzy getting married 
riding through, zone six Atlanta in a carriage 
white house, with white girls and they dancing nasty 
redbones two redbones and they tatted 
plug talking Spanish like Scarface and Manny 
Ten birds ten whole thangs in the pantry 
just hit, just right she forgot the panties. 
ITS GUCCI.!!!! 

[Chorus:]
Wife beater, yellow diamonds lookin pretty, 
Your chick took a look, now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos, Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing, now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing, it get missing, it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back, girl lets get missing. 

[Verse:]
You think that I'm a sweet lick, boy you trippin 
that's a dummy mission, end up missin. 
face on a milkcart do you feel me? 
200 in the AR, bullets flippin. 
I ain't gotta talk, say a word they just blitzin 
I ain't gotta rap I got more raps than ?? 
stacks in my pocket everyone, that's a million 
60 grand rubber band that's how I'm livin 
I got to much true religion like I'm ?? 
I'm stocked up on niggas its some denims on clearance 
gwapped up, get eighty and appearance, hate a pretty lady, she can get it 
we can get a bite to eat, lets get missing, my Ferrari's a site to see, half a million 
freshest nigga you done seen, in a minute ?? everyday I handle business 

[Chorus:]
Wife beater, yellow diamonds lookin pretty, 
Your chick took a look, now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos, Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing, now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing, it get missing, it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back, girl lets get missing. 

[Verse:]
This is the life, fa lu lu lu 
I'm poppin bottles me and my entourage 
pull up in phantoms, raris, lambs and vettes, forgiatos shine to D.U.B's ?? 
ain't no scary money, plenty money girl we rich,
100 bottles, 50 deep tell your girls you with 
they can kick it with some gangstas smokin bud and shit,
they like boy you to damn icey for this club ya diggg 
??
I'm with my boy Gucci Mane, brick squad that is,
all the girls think that I'm to cool for this club ya digg 

[Chorus:]
Wife beater, yellow diamonds lookin pretty, 
Your chick took a look, now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos, Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing, now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing, it get missing, it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back, girl lets get missing.



Listen to the track bitch

Burr burr burr

I'm in the zone they keep on gettin offended
But ain't did nothing wrong but tightened up all my business
And now I'm making millions, everybody's social
They really too emotional I don't have time to hold them
I wanna be a billionaire, me too
So I can count a billion cash in hundreds on you too
I get dirty money bitches know with ciroc on my rada
I'm on stage with diddy nicki ricky rozay and flo rida
I rock maris with the money ball like stoudemire omare
Hold the blunt with my left hand to show my audemar in paris
Look at all that I've accomplished, I just bought me 3 ferraris
Spent five million in my company if offended you not sorry...GUCCI

[Chorus]
What it gonna be
What it ain't gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be

Ima street magician and I keep on taking pretty girls to lenox
New mustang with 80 in it watch her spend all 80 in 80 minutes
Sacks are full real true religion I bought a car so sharp it makes the feds suspicious
See I'm too flamboyant they say its malnutrious I'm in a rare edition, think I'm a mathematician
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me too many stacks on me too many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as whats it gonna be whatcha gonna do gucci mane gonna lead
Still poppin bottles pouring liquor on chicks no need to lie I'm such a freak 
No need to hide you so unique
Imma try beat your back out until you weep
Said you ran outta money theres more for me heres more for you cause you a whore for me
Dont be a hoe for free cause we can ball right now we can do it 2, 3, 4 times a week
From zone 6 down to Camelton I pull up in that yellow thing I put rims on everything
Hoes think I gotta wedding ring

What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me

Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be

Come in to leave throwin money high dont care where it reach
Spend 2 g's a week on haircuts like 4,5,6 sometimes a week
These girls petrified they scared to speak
Im in the new GT with a georgia peach
Gotta condo right out on the florida beach
I aint hard to reach so nice to meet
Every night we meet you prolly fight with me
Say its fine with me to spend the night with me
No rules everything alright with me
Now shake baby shake just right for me
Catch ball players in magic city
Show them boys how good my jumper is
Aint no niggas up in here, makin all pros look like amateurs
I just showed my ass last night I had a blast
My jewelery was so white haters put theirs in the trash
Pulled up in some fans just to make them haters mad
Rims with paper tag paper bag full of cash

What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be



[Chorus:]
Makin love to the money
I swear the sex great
I kicked them hoes out
but let the money stay
makin love to the money like a sex tape
I'm talkin kim k I'm talkin Ray J
makin love to the money on the interstate
can't keep my hands off her
we on a dinner date
I'm makin love to my money
shawty keep me str8
I cant live without her
I fuck her everyday

[Verse 1:]
Shawty stay by my side when I started grindin
she the main reason why a nigga shinin
strippers cant see me all this money flyin
30 yrs old talkin bout retirin
I'ma show these hoes who the king of diamonds soon as I walk in the king of diamonds
she broke up wit me once almost had me cryin
she knew that I was cheatin cause she caught me lyin
king of the jungle I'ma lion
white line at the house
we named it Miley Cyrus
she never talk back baby very private
she got me talkin shit but she kinda quiet

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
I gotta take her every where
cause these niggas crazy
only leave her by herself
on special occasions
I love makin love cause she so amazing
when I bring her to the club
them hoes be goin crazy
every nigga in the hood
wanna fuck my lady
cant wait for me to slip
so they can take my baby
she get me outta jams
or tight situations
love aint got no cut off point
aint no limitations
she got me in that dice sittin on them thangs
we strikin out them hoes dont look at me the same but fuck it they aint gotta fuck wit me at all
I pick my baby up & took her to the mall

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Now baby aint no angel
but she a keeper
before she dealt wit me
she dealt wit some real evil people
she bought me ak's call it desert eagles
cocaine hammer pills man its stupid regals
I took her from her ex yeaa he kinda cheap
the very day she left
we started beepin
and she dont ever lie to me
she keep it real
your bitch keep comin short
my bitch keep wearin heels
she keep on standin tall
she never stand me up
she'll go to war wit anybody
she dont give a fuck
she help me keep it in the road
like a hub cap
so I keep her on my mind
like a skull cap

[Chorus]



I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now, you know why ITS GUCCI TIME

Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time [?] have no idea 

[Chorus - x2:]
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 

Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal

[Chorus - x2:]
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on

Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin, you aint doin nothin

[Chorus:]
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on
Its gucci time!

Hands up! Its gucci time!



[Intro]
Yeah....
Wasted....
Party....
Its Gucci....

[Chorus]
Double dueces on the back, 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back, and the trunk is in the front (vroom)
In the back of the club, now I'm smoking on a blunt (wow)
Club packed to capacity, I'm parked right in the front (its Gucci)
From the front to the back, like a zoo (Party Animal) (Wasted)
Wanna ball with me baby, what it do (Party Animal) (Yeaah)
Shes a man eater, baby girls a cannibal (Party Animal) (Party [4x])
I'm a party animal, shes a party animal (Gucci)

[Verse 1]
I'm a party animal, used to be a trafficker
bricks tucked on the bus, call me the road manager (skirt,skirt)
200 thousand cash, I'm might put that in a challenger (wow)
To only ride on moreland, cause thats my east atlanta car (damn)
See first I brought you Juiceman, then I brought you Flocka Flame (yeah)
Gucci Mane the boss mane, but you call call me ice mane (burrr [5x])
My automall's an animal, true religion ??
95 air max, I just bought them from south dekalb
Baby crazy looking at me cause I got a stupid bag (stupid)
Bet mamas a cannibal, know she want a louie bag
I wipe my sweat with gucci rags, blow my nose with stupid stacks
80 for a show so I wipe my ass with 50 racks

[Chorus]
Double dueces on the back, 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back, and the trunk is in the front (vroom)
In the back of the club, now I'm smoking on a blunt (wow)
Club packed to capacity, I'm parked right in the front (its Gucci)
From the front to the back, like a zoo (Party Animal) (Wasted)
Wanna ball with me baby, what it do (Party Animal) (Yeaah)
Shes a man eater, baby girls a cannibal (Party Animal) (Party [4x])
I'm a party animal, shes a party animal (Gucci)

[Verse 2]
I'm riding through the EA, smoking on a Elway
I fuck with them the long way, but I don't ride with passengers
2 seater, road eater, my car is a cannibal
Just ate up the parking lot, car show I'm the champion
Drop my top for Eazy E, Pimp C, B.I.G.
Left Eye, Souja Slim, 2pac, Rest in peace
But I'm a pop a bottle for my niggas doin calendars
Roll a bag of cannibus, they got this shit from Canada
Shawty got her nose up, like she Ms. America
I don't like siddity bitches, I like party animals (Tramp)
Fuck her like a dog, yeah I freak her like a animal
she eat me like a cannibal, she such a party animal

[Chorus]
Double dueces on the back, 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back, and the trunk is in the front (vroom)
In the back of the club, now I'm smoking on a blunt (wow)
Club packed to capacity, I'm parked right in the front (its Gucci)
From the front to the back, like a zoo (Party Animal) (Wasted)
Wanna ball with me baby, what it do (Party Animal) (Yeaah)
Shes a man eater, baby girls a cannibal (Party Animal) (Party [4x])
I'm a party animal, shes a party animal (Gucci)

[Verse 3]
I'm still buying cases, roll it up baby
They poppin pills crazy, whole club faded
Party, party, party, lets all get wasted
Iced out shawty, real retarded ass bracelets
I just wanna ball hard, she just wanna taste it
Lady tryna take dick, baby you will rape this
I'm African-American, my girlfriend is Italian
458 Italia, the engines in the asset

[Chorus]
Double dueces on the back, 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back, and the trunk is in the front (vroom)
In the back of the club, now I'm smoking on a blunt (wow)
Club packed to capacity, I'm parked right in the front (its Gucci)
From the front to the back, like a zoo (Party Animal) (Wasted)
Wanna ball with me baby, what it do (Party Animal) (Yeaah)
Shes a man eater, baby girls a cannibal (Party Animal) (Party [4x])
I'm a party animal, shes a party animal (Gucci)

[Bridge]
Party Party Party, Party, Party, Party [3x]
I'm a Party Animal, Shes a Party Animal

I'm a Party Animal, Shes a Party Animal



[Intro/Pre-Chorus - Ray J]
Do You Remember When (Remember When....) 
Do You 
Do You Remember When (Remember When....) 

[Chorus - Ray J]
Do You Remember When 
I Met You Girl Everything Was Alllllllright 
Do You Remember when 
We Got A Room We Was Fucking Allllllll Night 
Do You Remember The Time Girl 
Like I Remember The Time Girl 

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
Girl You My Type You Just Right 
That Blouse Fit On You Just Right 
Them Jeans Shes Got On Skin Tight 
Shes Sexy Cool But Still Shy 
I'm Colder Than A Klondike 
Bipolar I Got Dumb Ice 
We Know Each Other We Go Together 
Like Hamburgers And Frech Fries 
Everythings All Right 
Well Never Have A fist Fight 
But Last Night We Had A Sex Fight 
I Told I Had A Blessed Night 
I'm Leaning I'm Meanin 
i Fall Asleep And I'm Dreamin 
Did The Club Bring My Teeth In? 
Last Night I Brang My Queen In 
I Go Get It You Push It 
If I Did It Right Then The Kid Did It??? 
You Hood Critters And You Hood Niggers 
Please Stay Out My Bizness 
From South France To South Philly 
ATL To North Memphis 
From My City To Your City 
You Think You Got More Swag But Not Really 

[Chorus - Ray J]
Do You Remember When 
I Met You Girl Everything Was Alllllllright 
Do You Remember when 
We Got A Room We Was Fucking Allllllll Night 
Do You Remember The Time Girl 
Like I Remember The Time Girl 

[Verse 2 - Gucci Mane]
Yo Yo Yo 
I'ma Put It Down So Gucci Mane Go And Cuff So 
Aronics Gonna Hurt But When I'm Gone Its Gonna Make You want More 
Scented Aura Candels I Pull Up In My Lambo 
The Bestest You Never Had Are The Bestest The Man Grow? 
You Had It But You Left So Thats Just The Game Go 
You Cant Get On My Level So Get Off My Land Hoe 
Met A Girl So ?? No Need To Win A Game On 
Reminicising Gucci Everytime They Play The Same Song 
I'm On Like A long John Short Skirt With No Thong On 
Sexy Naked Sunbathing Outside My House With Frames On 
I Took Off Some Busters? And That Boy Ain't Gonna Shit Bout it 
Its Alright We Can Tell That Sucka To Forget About it 

[Chorus - Ray J]
Do You Remember When 
I Met You Girl Everything Was Alllllllright 
Do You Remember when 
We Got A Room We Was Fucking Allllllll Night 
Do You Remember The Time Girl 
Like I Remember The Time Girl 

[Bridge - Ray J]
Girls To My Right Ladies To My Left 
Weathers So Hot Snows On My Chest 
When I See This Fly Girl Tried To Get Her Number 
Then She Tells Me I Already Smashed Last Summer 
Now High Club G5 Planes 
Remember Back Rubs And Pink Champagne 
Now High Club G5 Planes 
Remember Back Rubs And Pink Champagne 

[Chorus - Ray J]
Do You Remember When 
I Met You Girl Everything Was Alllllllright 
Do You Remember when 
We Got A Room We Was Fucking Allllllll Night 
Do You Remember The Time Girl 
Like I Remember The Time Girl 

Do You Remember When (Remember When....) 
Do You 
Do You Remember When (Remember When....)



[Chorus: Pharrell]
We've evolved from small to the tall and shall not stall, been flyin too long
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh!
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh, girl...
I be sippin on haterade (yup!)
That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!)
And it taste like lemonade (yup!)
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe (yup!)
I be sippin on haterade (yup!)
That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!)
That flavor's lemonade (yup!)
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe, y'knalmtalkinbout?

[Gucci Mane]
I'm not listenin, I'm not interested
My attention only focused on what I get
And I'm glistenin, they call me Mr. Check
White ice lemonade, red ice she thick
Got a general Phantom, bitch I'm icy and peachy
So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed
My life, I ain't ever seen a car like that
And she prolly won't see the next shit I get
And a seventeen fresh, and I say, "I guess"
Successful, healthy, I live no stress
So today is the day that the big boys shine
Drop tops everywhere, I wouldn't know how to rock
Got the titties of today showin off tan lines
Cash bendin in my pockets, no it's not, draw lines
Me and Skateboard P in the club on time
No not on time, but it's just in time
It's Gucci!

[Chorus]

[Nicki Minaj]
[Sighs] Uhh, yo, aiyyo
This one goes out to all of my critics
Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it
Look how it came to pass when I said it
We can do debit, I don't need no credit
Yes I'm epic, look how I rep it
It's been eight years, but I broke the record
Yup, the record - yup, the record - yup, the record
(And just for the record)
Uhh, I'm all that I can be
And I'll admit, I'm appalled when you envy
Because you can do it too, and you can do it too
I just happen to be the girl that they do it too
So I'ma bounce back, and I'ma ball out
And every time you see me, I'ma go all out
And I'ma win till the endin
Don't be mad when you see me transcendin
Guc!

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
I ball hard, I should be in Sports Illustrated
Cooler as a muthafucka in a Porschelemonade coupe
And a Ferrari in your hood, you're intimidated
Mutilated, Maserati Lamborghini decapitated
Fed investigation on what I accumulated
Sayin he ain't real, that I'm not the man that I say I am, like I give a damnmuch
Ride around town pickin up stacks
Some like Louis, some like Gucci
But I love money, yeah I love solution
And my teenage karat ring, baby girl choose
And I ain't really hard to please baby come choose (come choose [echoes])
Lounge around, around the town with the top chopped off
You can call it lost and found 'cause my top stay down
And I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought this car
I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought the car
It's Gucci!

[Chorus]

[Pharrell] Gon' lift ya glass, gon' liftya glass
[Gucci] Just think about the future and forget the past
[Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass
[Gucci] If a nigga keep hatin, tell him kiss ya ass
[Pharrell] Just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass
[Gucci] Let's think about the future and forget the past
[Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass
[Gucci] That nigga think they goin hard, don't make me laugh - it's Gucci



[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, burrr burrr
This is special, GUCCCI
Its Gucci, thats what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman, showtime

[Hook: Swizz Beatz]
My pocket on swole, my rims on chrome
When I hit the club, everything goes
Bottles in the air, put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here, I dont really care
Cuz I ride on em, I style on em
I lean on em, yes, I flash on em
Yeh I know, thats the way you like it, huh, yeh
Thats the way you love me, huh? Its alive..its alive

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
It's alive, it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight, but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Im in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion, don't park your car next to mine
Ima start when the light hit, Im 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage, they let me out just in time
They got a section, but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit, don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line, walk in, and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside, that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit, classified
Don't blame me, Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe, can't breathe, Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin, Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Hurry up, hurry up Gucci on the news, they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do, admit it, you confused
Too much cash on me, hundreds fallin out me, true
Big yellow wrists, bright as piss, bitch Im the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz, lets make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby, let me breathe
Cuz I dont check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French, bitch Im so Gucci, I so fuckin gutter
It dont make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Swizz Beatz]
Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog, my wife is it
Now I'm back, back on 'em like I never, never left
Plus the boy right here, I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah, I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me, I did it my way

[Hook]



[Intro/Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
I'm a thuuuuuuuug
Even though I wanna change my life and get it right
To the judge, I'm always gon' be a thuuug
Like O-Dog, "Menace II Society"
They wanna see me undergrooooound
But I just bought a plane, hey, hey
Sky is the limit now; my jet just took off the ground now
And ain't nobody gon' stop my destiny, destiny, no no no
Ladies night - pop a bottle now
Cause the wear just came off now
From doin time in the penitentiaryyyy, yeah
And if you come from the ghetto and you feel like a champion
Let me see you put your hands up (put your hands up)
Put your hands up (put your hands up)
Put your hands up (put your hands up)
Put your hands up (put your hands up)

[Gucci Mane]
{?} beatin on my chick {?} 
Feelin hipper than a hippie in a tye-dye shirt
Gucci Mane motherfucker and the earth my turf
Ice cold, buzz hotter than July 1st
Oooh, this the type of tune make a dime choose
He make it rain then I can make it monsoon
I buy a bitch out her contract, dumb stacks
Suckers sleepin on me Zantax, I'm deadly
I'm talkin Anthrax, the other side of the tracks
You know the Amtrak; multi-millionaire still rockin amulets
I was turnt up to the mess but now I'm past that
But now I'm past that
I move stealth, I'm gettin jealous of myself
Me and Wyclef and the swagger's SoSoDef
Smoke pounds of that 'dro 'dro from out West
And I ain't made at no one cause I'm oh so blessed
It's Gucci

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
Tired of all these late nights, smoked out shit
Ain't no mo' leavin the club three or fo' bad chicks
I ain't goin to the lot, coppin no mo' whips
I ain't drinkin, all the pills, I'm all done, I quit
PSYYYYYYCH! I'm poppin wheelies with a dime on the bike
My baby right, she whispered in my ear tonight is the night
I'm higher than a kite, bright ice, in need of a light
Pilot lighter light it homey as I lean to my stripe
Ye ain't freshest out here, ye ain't ballin like me
Baby talk can't comprehend, talkin foreign to more
Purple label, Polo, Revlon on me
I'm the big homey, you a big phony (well damn!)
Makin movies in the V.I.P. I need a Tony
Gucci Mane Tarantino with the tenderonis
Pour 80 bottles in her face, now she dancin on me
She know she dancin with a star them diamonds dancin on me
It's Gucci

[Chorus]

[Outro]
It's Gucci



[Chorus]
I'm so fucking paid I just bought the dollar sign
I'm so fucking paid I just bought the dollar sign
I'm so fucking paid I just bought the dollar sign
I just bought the dollar sign
I just bought the dollar sign

Please man call Obama I wanna buy the dollar sign
Just like first day of school my swag killed em like colombine
The dollar signs my logo and guccis my clothing line
Put on that purple label polo and them hoes say damn he fine
Should be able to keep her so I keep her
Feed her treat her like a diva
My fetish in costa rica cuz she know that I'm a cheater
What up the cost of living
I feel like a trillion bucks
Got beef with a million fuck niggas I dont give a fuck
? on south beach where my house is
Any where on earth my turf but I'm so down south aligator couches
A public service announcement
Gucci so fucking paid pay 2 stacks just for a fade
Bitches surfing on my waves

[Chorus]

By the bar and I own the club
Cant own the bar cuz I'm superstar
I'm so turnt up cant turn me down
Blowing punds thats higher than jupiter
I'm hot turning up lucifer
At club crucial in a stoopid car
Every verse my flow gets stoopider
My producer dont want to produce for ya
? my bank account on steroids
My stash aint got no room for it
New drop head paid cash for it
Ferrari 220 on the dashboard
Long rich nigga wait here his crash course
I pull up to the club in a fast porche
When I leave all the hoes give a sad voice
Got bills to pay and things to do
New hoes to screw and business moves
Imma business man whats the business plan
Used to rip it in the band for the extra grand
I'm successful man hell yes I am
Dead fresh I am bought an extra lamb
And I dont never ask how much it cost
Thats silly cuz I dont really give a damn

[Chorus]



[Gucci - Chorus]
I pull em out the box
Then I lace my tennis shoes..
Pull up out the lot
I just made a power move..
I just bought a drop
And the rims are brand new..
I'm ridin wit my boo
And I gotta keep her brand new..
Brand new gucci sandals and she got the bag too..
Yea I got a swag but she got a swag too..
Brand new gucci sandals and I bought her the bag too..
Damn I got a swag but she got a swag too

[Gorilla Zoe]
Brand new pull it out the bag and pop the tag boo..
Yea I got swag I'm slickin than yo band too..
Ridin in the 2 seater its nitrogena shampoo..
We do what we wana do him do what him can do..
Birthday cake my wrist lit up lik tha candle..
And I'm goin Cunningham..I'm runnin like I'm Randal..
Yo girlfriends persuin me shes tryna give me coochie..
Before she fucks gorilla doe she has to suck on gucci..
And she gotta fuck New slim Richey tha whole squad..
Now bitch you even gotta fuck So Icy Boy..
We a fam over here
This sum pussy this sum the mall..
And everythings new from the shoe to the car.

[Gucci - Chorus]
I pull em out the box
Then I lace my tennis shoes..
Pull up out the lot
I just made a power move..
I just bought a drop
And the rims are brand new..
I'm ridin wit my boo
And I gotta keep her brand new..
Brand new gucci sandals and she got the bag too..
Yea I got a swag but she got a swag too..
Brand new gucci sandals and I bought her the bag too..
Damn I got a swag but she got a swag too

[Gorilla Zoe]
I went Puerto Rico pimpin On vacation on the island..
Came back and bought a chain tha was worth a hundred thousand..
I did a couple shows I got the money back the pilin
Hoppin on n off the plane got me runnin up my mileage..
Sky my visa Platinum no more sellin sacks man I just bring them saxs now
Bitches say I'm sexy..n if I am not sexy then someone please correct me

Cuz every time I meet a brand new bitch she wanna sex me..
Call me txt me call me.. call me call me text me..email text me call me..
Bitch stop callin me you soo pesty..
Bugaboo I'm sick of you I only fuck wit brand new..
Just cuz we cant fuck again dont mean that I dont fuck wit you

[Gucci - Chorus]
I pull em out the box
Then I lace my tennis shoes..
Pull up out the lot
I just made a power move..
I just bought a drop
And the rims are brand new..
I'm ridin wit my boo
And I gotta keep her brand new..
Brand new gucci sandals and she got the bag too..
Yea I got a swag but she got a swag too..
Brand new gucci sandals and I bought her the bag too..
Damn I got a swag but she got a swag too

[Gorilla Zoe]
My mind tellin me to spend money for no reason
I gota hit tha gucci store they bout to change seasons..
12 hundred for a vest it was sleeveless..
Mazarazi BItches askin why I'm speedin..
Ima blood bitch I keep a nigga bleeding
It would seem odd if they didnt try to get even...
I spent a 100 in vegas I broke even
Casino askes is that all for this evenin..
First 100 I pack my plug I couldnt believe..
Louie bag full of bands I had to leave it..
Took the Roof off the vet I couldnt see shit..
My daddy said he expected I a never be shit

[Gucci - Chorus]
I pull em out the box
Then I lace my tennis shoes..
Pull up out the lot
I just made a power move..
I just bought a drop
And the rims are brand new..
I'm ridin wit my boo
And I gotta keep her brand new..
Brand new gucci sandals and she got the bag too..
Yea I got a swag but she got a swag too..
Brand new gucci sandals and I bought her the bag too..
Damn I got a swag but she got a swag too



New Gucci, A yeaaaa boiii... (I go by da name Drumma... Boii, D-Boi Fresh) 
A yeaa, A yeaa boiii
Weirdooooo... 

Weirdo... Weirdo, Imma Weirdo [2x]
Killed da pussy, Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6, half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Gucci mane, drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo 

[Verse 1]
Shawty Mad, Mad for what 
Mad Cuz she can't get enough 
Tuff luck 
Diggin Gucci Mane and he don't give a fuck 
Throw it up, Pick it up 
Uhh 
She's a material girl 
You aint got enough 
It's a weird, weird... 
And she asking weird questions 
Why yo engine in da rear 
Switch 2 gears then I'm outta here 
Yo boyfriend so last year 
Lets have breakfast on the moon 
Lets have dinner on uranus 
I got Venus on my penus 
And Serena wrapped round my fingers 
Lil mama wet as aquafina 
Stuntin on hoes like Angelina 
Like'em black 
I like em yella 
I like em red 
I like da meat
I'm wishin up somethin jus like da beetles
My buzz spread jus like da measles
Black N white, Tuck sealed, I gamble like Bugsy Segal Gucciiiiiii! 

Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Killed da pussy, Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6, half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Gucci mane, drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo

[Verse 2]
You cock suckin Mosquito 
I own da Carasino 
My girl's got on dem see thru shirts
Short, skirts n Perico
I'm Gucci Tarantino 
My shooterz are Bi-linguel
That's, tall as Valentino
Throw bombs like Dan Marino
I'm gamblin wit her at da Valagio
I'm 40 up at da Casino
I just missed Sosha from Moscow
She say she love my single
Then she bought all of my ringtones
So I said pleasure to meet you
And I ain't gotta talk her ear off
Da freaks was really no need too! 
Women look at me n see what they don't see in you
And I see it too
Geargia Tech raw wit da yellow feet
It's a photo shoot baby so say cheese
Throw money high don't care were it reach
If you offendin you then offendin me
Feelin you, you offendin me
My earings cost like a half a chain weirdooo! 

Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Killed da pussy, Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6, half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Gucci mane, drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo

[Verse 3]
Mad at me suddenly, blammin me it wasn't me
Thinkin his girl studdin me
She's not really studdin me
I ain't really sluttin her
Grammer so screet, Cambleton East Atlanta
Pull up in that yellow thang
I put rims on everythang
Pull up on'em like dranks on me
Black wit da Georgia Tech yellow painted
40, 000 on da feet
Gucci, Drumma Boi and we so unique
Earing cost like a quarter a piece
That's a half a mill each chain Gucci! 

Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Killed da pussy, Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6, half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo, Ima Weirdo [2x]
Gucci mane, drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo!



[Gucci Mane]
ha ha ha ha ha
ha h h ha ha ha ha

[Estelle]
Now that I'm finally free,
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man

[Gucci Mane]
I am grown as man

[Estelle]
now that I'm finally free

[Gucci Mane]
I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see
treats I'm aware tryin to sell
beein long so long know they now
they wonna a long cool war like vietnam
but there ain't man bored in the music cell
feds will but a mans hell
but my bestfriend probably don't die here
I don't lie at you but I cry like hell
like a two because he got a eighty years
going hard see him a miles away
I guess he's gotta a lot here
let me dad ahead never dad did
great great great grand pa
had a really crazy swear
so I stand a day
digin down a grave
did a flack in hill
in a a miles away
a got a point and proof
I was tryin to raise
can't let them in mistake
that dad didn't make

[Estelle]
I' m finally free,
you re never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I' m finally free,
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown as man
now that I'm finally free

[Gucci Mane]
Squash the beat won't freein it
It is crasy so I am chilin it
I get to wanna see those cheat each other

From day who they flock or hate my mother
I was grown to hug to hug at this
I am rush to a kid who ain't child of dance
we took apeal to so power to pet
I'm a solider to understand the cover zed
Me a home boy grown in the flower zed
out of money and a work I ain't agree admit
if my head one will wish proper did
could a come down down down and see me now
wish see me now I'm believin it
wanna scrap at me I ain't goin bad
so for my all family all I'm back
and so much I can't keen at bad
I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see

[Estelle]
I'm finally free,
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free,
I'm bouta throw it to day
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man
now that I'm finally free

I was lost but now I'm found
don't put that keep me down
sing my life to go out of your realm
I say I straighten down my eyes
and I am not going back not going back

Now that I' m finally free,
finally free,
you'll never send me away
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
everything that I
to make you finally blessed
make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free,
...oo I'm finally free
I'm bouta throw it to day
... throw it to day
I take my life in my hands
...I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man
... as grown at man
that I'm finally free

[Gucci Mane]
I am grown as man



[Chorus: Trey Songz]
It's 4 in the mornin
She callin my phone
She wannna be grown
We gone get it on
She said that she lonely
Cause hes never around
Said she like my style
He can lay you down
Say he can lay you down
But I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up
He can lay you down
But I'm a beat it up
I'm a beat it up

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I hopped up out my bed
Got my swag on
Stronger than filet mignon
Two Gs blown just for cologne
Money never limited
So Icey with benefits
My driver needs a passport
All my cars are immigrants!
It's so sickening
History you're witnessing
I had a girl she quit me
Now I'm single want to get with me?
Sticky again they stick to me
If you see your chick with GUCCI
Think before you confronting ruley
Ain't my fault your lady choosin
430 stepped on purp it
08 verty rollin dirty
Wardrobe clean as this detergent
Got your girlfriend picking purses
Say she lonely
Gucci only one with to meet me in person
When she met me home
My ***** told me that shes over first

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Your girlfriend keep callin me
I feel like she stalkin me
You at home
And she with me
So morning it's an argument
Gucci Mane be doggin it
Beatin her down
Straight poundin it
Drillin on your sheets
Got your blanket at the laundromat
Wait baby girl throw it back
Old man might catch heart attack
Gucci Mane not hardly that
Smack you like I'm mad at that
Swear this sex so passionate
Oral sex she mastered that
Pornographic poses
Like she posing for the internet
Wait I was not finished yet
Never been a minute man
Always been a business man
Gotta catch your feelings man
Got a man?
Oh really now?
Acting like I give a damn!

Used to like her now I don't
Got a real short attention span
GUCCI!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Gucci Trey Songz put it on
My shirt off when I perform
She say this her favorite song
She got on my favorite thong
She so hot
Too hot to touch
Truthfully too much for lames
Gucci mane I'm extra game
So extra rubbers I'm a bring
Got your main thang screaming GUCCI
Every tuesday night we cool whip
Wish we could do it more often
But I'm often somewhere flossin
Lay it down like carpet barbie
Aston martin double park it
Beat it like we got a problem
Pop her till she call me poppa
Freakin partners
Why we never bother with a second option
Hoppin got the mattress poppin
Rockin while her girlfriend watchin
Freakin partners
Why they never bother with a second option
Hoppin got the mattress poppin
Rockin while her girlfriend watchin
Guucci

[Chorus]



I Spend My Winter In Jail So I'm Balling All Summer
Bad Bitches On My Tail Hunt Me Like a Bounty Hunter
Never Shout Out A Tip For My Momma Never Had A Daughter
Pussy Niggas Scared Of Me See Through You Like A Bottle Of Water

Gucci Manes A Bottle Popper
Hundred Bottles Opened Up
Still Slaggin Opiou
Smokin At The Atrium
Its all Hell I'm Still Makin Plays
Right By The Stadium
We Look Like A Gymnasium
Your Boys Might Be Just Takin 'Em
Women Take A Look At Me
Recognize The Crook In Me
And If I Go Away They Cuff A Money In My Book For Me

Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout him Trafficking
Cause I'm African (African) American (American)

ATL DEA Gucci Mane I'm Tryin To Set 10 Bricks A Day
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI) Said I Sold You What? You A Fuckin Liar
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout I'm Trafficking

See My Picture They Try To Point Me Out The Line Up
Now Its In The Chaos Shows Promotoer Screaming Back The Line Up
Then My Barber 2 300 Just So He Can Keep My Line Up
CEO Gucci Brick Sqaud Bet You Wanna Signing
Im Laughing At These Rappers Square Yea Like A Carpet
You A Thirst Starvin Artist I'm Not An Artist I'm A Arsonist
Rappers in My Porsenit And they all Rejoicing It
And Georgias Most Anticipated Screamin Who You Want It Wit?
If You Want Then Beef You Get Murk Your Friend Then Plead The Fifth
Two Girls On My Face So I'm Still Tike My Fucking Self
Im The Last Real Nigga Left Man Theres Sucker Everywhere
Never Ever Trade In My Circle How Could You When You're A Square
Sit In The Electric Chair Like Flashin Front Of Me
Thinkin Bout Walkin Back Bare Feet Hardly Nothin To Eat
Everery Day I Promise Me Till They Come And Punish Me
I Keep Chasin Money Skee And Let These Hoes Keep Chasin Me

ATL DEA Gucci Mane I'm Tryin To Set 10 Bricks A Day
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
Catch Me If You Can I'm In Cali Homie (Cali Homie)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI) Said I Sold You What? You A fuckin Liar
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham
Suspicious FEDs Talking Bout I'm Trafficking

ATL DEA
Georgia Wanted
(Georgia Wanted)
Murder Wanted
(Murder Wanted)
GBI (GBI) LBI (LBI)
Houston Texas Ohio Michigan Birmingham



[Chorus:]
I'm up 24 hours, money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours, I'm up 24 hours, I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm 24 hours, it's Gucci nigga, it be so hard I'm up 24 hours (Simultaneously). New album, it's Gucci
Cut up something Cory

[Verse:]
Damn it's a good day. Damn it's a good day
Call Drumma boy and told him let's go make a hood tape
First thang I'm a do pull out my 7'4
Candy coated black things sitting on them 40 O's
24 towers, 8 bricks of powder, 10 bells of dro
What I payed for the flour
Don't talk about my lambo, talk about my Rarri
Talk about my Phantom, talk about my Harley
Brick Squad Biker boy, angel named Charlie
Goons going psycho white boy gnarly
Every 24 seconds passing me the Marley
Lames tryna diss don't effect me hardly

[Chorus:]
I'm up 24 hours, money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
24 hours. I'm up 24 hours

It's Gucci!

[Verse:]
I'm going to the bank again making a deposit,
It's getting kinda chilly bring my minks up out the closet
Getting kinda warm get my jewerly out the safe
If it be a problem put the hater in his place
I'm slicker than an oil spill
Sharper than a razor
I'm screaming anybody get it like my nigga Major
Finna cop a condo and fill it up with ammo
Brick Squad Bandana on I think I'm fucking Rambo
It's Gucci
I'm a killer so don't push me
Brick Squad ain't no pussy niggas
Running with them wig splittas
Niggas screaming roll one
Gucci let me hold some
But I can't let you hold none
I hit you with the whole drum

[Chorus:]
I'm up 24 hours, money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit, shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours

[Verse:]
I'm fucking with a white girl you can call me Ice-T
Cause I got my crystals on you can call em Spike Lee
Robbin me unlikely last try I drop em
Hollow tip stopped em
I ain't have time to box him
Stunting like an actor
Running like an athlete
Strait to the money like a sprinter at a track meet
First signed Waka, then I signed Gucci
Then I sign Brick Squad tell em come sue me

[Chorus: x2]
I'm up 24 hours, money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit, shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours



It's Gucci, two times, Gucci, Gucci
Please pardon me but I'm passin gas
To my entourage, no gas masks
I'm in my old school, with the Georgia tag
With my Georgia ass and my red flag
I'm g'd up from the feet up
In my black van wit my feet up
And the blinds down and the beat up
Short bad bitch with the seat up
You know me, from the old me
On John screen with the [?],
I was low key, at hb,
Now I'm 3d, come face me
I went toe to toe with the best of 'em
I bust shots at the rest of 'em
Don't test me, no tester
I rape you, like Chester

I'm a rich ass nigga you bitch ass nigga,
You [?] so snitch ass nigger
Work to the game feel some to the fame
Wear enough on me in this quick nigga
I'ma tell you twice, cause it's Gucci two times
Fuck your clique and fuck your wife
If you got drama nigga, you can meet me outside
Get your head bust wide for your old man's pride

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold

Platinum in my mouth bitch
Shoot you in your face, shit
Uptown gangsta bitch, 100 million dollar shit
All this money ain't shit, livin how we live it bitch
Redid my grill nigga, platinum to that gold shit
High price, high life, do this shit every night
Shoot the dice, pay the price
Priceless when we roll them die
Get it how we get it bitch
Flip that nigga been flippin them bricks
500 things me and Gucci gonna split that shit
50 in banana clips, twist someone we split your shit
Brand new Ferraris, Bugattis when we shinin bitch
Lord rich gang nigga, we got them rangs nigga
Flippin them things nigga, ready to bang nigga

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold

I wear red shoes in my black car
I'm talkin slick like a rap star
I'm walkin slick like a trap star
Rich young G with gold teeth
A triple black cat just crossed my path
But its a 4 door jaguar
They put me in this game I put you lames back at the snack bar
I'm black as hell but I'm rich as well
Got 3 dime pieces at the hotel
I'm goin hard, they blowin hard
I'm strapped up, no body guards
I pull your card, told you disregard
I'm goin dumb but I'm thinkin smart
But if you try my squad Ill hide the body parts
Gotta send a shout out to the boulevard
Gotta send a shout out to bankhead
Gotta give a salute to cambelton
When I pull up in that yellow thing 
Thin pockets like I just been gambling
I put 100k in my grill shawty
thats the way that I feel shawty
ice cream on my favorite chain
cause thats the life that I live shawty.

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold, with a mouth full of gold



[Intro]
Dirty Birds in this motherfucker (ay yeah boyyy) It's Guc'!
Matter of fact it's Big Gucci in this motherfucker (ay yeah)
Flockaveli, Birdman (ay yeah boyyy)
Ca$h Money, Brick Squad linked up to 17 (BRICK SQUAD!!)

[Chorus: Waka Flocka Flame]
In the streets, make some moves, get my paper (this is what I do)
FUCK 'EM! Blow croak smoke on my haters (this is what I do)
Pop up with the real, fuck you fakers (this is what I do)
All about my money, fuck you pay me (this is what I do)
Huh? (This is what I do) Oh for real? (This is what I do)
Word? (This is what I do) Bitch! (This is what I do)
Huh? (This is what I do) Oh for real? (This is what I do)
Word? (This is what I do) Bitch! (This is what I do)

[Gucci Mane]
It's Big Gucci (ha) mob moves you wise fools
You can't mute me, my whole life I'm ProTools
First day appeal, just elude me or shoot me
I stand on my word, I'm like Luke in the 90's
Cocaine crazy, 1980 baby
2/12 they birthed me, now find me in Miami
East Atlanta with me, always to the Grammys
This time? Big bucks, no Whammies
My trunk slammin, my track jammin
I'm too fancy; manners I left 'em
I'm healthy, stealthy, and wealthy - you try me?
I'll probably show a nigga how to drive a jet ski
Them Brick Squad niggaz got me like I got me
Me, Flock and Baby back to Bankhead in real Bugatis
Brick Squad, Zone 6, Ca$h Money, whattup?
I might just fuckin buy my mom a Maserati

[Chorus]

[Waka Flocka Flame]
I got 6's on my red and black whip (this is what I do)
Watch them girls choose, iced up like a fool
Po'n lean in my styrogoam, this is how I Screw
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ha! (Flock 'em!)
Flexin with the crew, mean muggin who?
Bad attitude, what'chu wanna do?
20 bottles, 40 blunts, meet me, on the moon (hold up)
Make it, make it rain, now my lil' bitch strippers come together, fame
Let my, pants hang, watch me, do my, chain swang
Takin, bitch mane, with this yellow, diamond, karat, chain
Waka, Flocka, Flame, Gucci, Gucci, Mane
With the Birdman, this is how we hang

[Chorus]

[OJ Da Juiceman]
(Ayyyy!) This is what I do, then I cut a damn fool
Man I come through Chevrolet, but it look gray Coupe
Get my money stack it up, this is what real players do (yessir)
Now if, he don't get no money then that nigga need to shoot
Smokin kush, at the house, while yo' bitch clean my shoe
Real gangsta nigga mayne, this is what I do
Say lil' potnah just hit me sayin "Man I need a deuce" (okay!)
So I hit him with the force, this is what I do
Killed yo' baby momma; this is what I do (damn!)
Work chipped cell phones, this is what I do
Rims on my car look like man they runnin out they shoe
With that blue 20 piece look like my backyard swimmin pool

[Chorus]



[Intro]
"Drumma Boy" [echoes]
Ay yeah boyyyy, ay yeah [2X]
(It's Gucci! Unghh)

[Gucci Mane]
Hey girl I'm tearin it up and they knowin that
I had sex so much that I ain't goin back
I blow stack after stack after stack after stack
At the rack everyday and they knowin that
Well I'm blowin that and I'm doin this
And my red flag got the haters pissed
Don't reckless, this not a diss
This not a threat, this real shit
And don't play me, cause ain't no stoppin me
Ain't no toppin me, and ain't no robbin me
Cut the robbers outs, I brought the goons out
We reckless, we O.G.
On Acuras and they textin us
But who gives a fuck and who gives a damn?
I'm blood in and blood out on Flat Shoals with big sand
And Waka Flocka, thanks Flocka Waka
Two times, cause we two crimes
Two bloods and two rides with fo' nines and gang signs
So what's up? The pricety, I'm icey and Icey
I'm the king of diamonds and the princess shinin
And all mine behind me

[Chorus: repeat 8X]
Let's get reckless, let's get reckless

[Cap]
Oh yeah! Cap, I'm in beast mode
Hell yeah I'm on reckless
If you don't like it pussy nigga come check this
Respect this or meet your death wish
There's 17 bird on my necklace
I fuck with dem and they fuck with me
Don't fuck with us, get the fuck from 'round
Cause I like to pop and we sucker free
Reckless, reckless, e'rybody goin HAM
Don't test this, cause if you do
That Smith & Wesson go blam, damn
Look what the fuck done happened
Just cause you heard that a nigga start rappin
That I'm worryin about the {?} pulled out
No toppin, no clappin, clear the whole scene I'm smashin
Bye, gone - boy you better catch up nigga
Get hit from your neck up nigga
Nobody wan' fess up, get your block up
Leave the whole scene full of ketchup nigga
They are wildin, on wildin, on ballin, they violent
I got the little man sydrome, get me in the end zone
Signin autographs who's stylin?

[Chorus]

[Chill Will]
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Vacation in Miami, they say I'm swag surfin
Your girl with ya she ain't lookin but her ass flirtin
See I'm a classy nigga, a thousand dollar curtains
And I just made yo' nigga mad cause his pocket hurtin
And I don't mean I'm jackin off when I say I'm chokin chickens
I mean, when we rap on mo' we call that chokin chickens
I got a talkin code, for all he knows it folds
Too buck to be on probation, too rich to be on parole
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin, ballin, million dollar flexin
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin, ballin, millionaire flexin

[Chorus]



[Chorus:]
Shout Out To My Set. Shout To My Set. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out To My Check. Shout To My Check. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Im A Man of Respect. Man of Respect. And Imma Nigga With A Check. Nigga With A Check. Imma Man of Respect. Man of Respect. A Nigga with A Check. Nigga With A Check.

[Wooh Da Kidd:]
Shout Out To Your Main Bitch. Shout To Her Neck. It's Cold Outside I Aint Got Time To Play So Please Dont Get Wet. Its Just me With My Young Boy At Your Front Door With The Teck. Aint Shit For Free. That's It For Me I Demand A Check. Shout Out To My Weed Man, I Call Him The Geek Squad. I Smoke Too Much, I Just Lost My Thoughts, I'm Feelin like A Retard. Got 2 Best Freaks Plus Me Riding In That 2 Seater. They Face To Face. Im By Myself But They Huggin Like A Wife Beater. Shout Out To My OG For Him Im Puttin In Work. Shout To Them Real Killa's Thats Puttin In That Twerk. Wooh Da Kidd A Real Nigga. Shout Out To My Set. Shout Out To My Bruler For My Wrist And Neck. Yes.

[Chorus]

[Gucci:]
Shout Out To My Accountin, My Attorneys and My Manager. And Shout Out To My 26's Dat Sittin Up Under My Challenger. Imma Professional. Your An Amateur. Your An Artist. Im An Animal. I Eat Rubbers. Im Hannibal. Not Canibal. Im A Carnivore. Im A Dinosaur. Your A Herbivore. I Use Verbs Up Verbs You Aint Never Heard Before. Faith Trapper Never Sold Birds Before. Probably Never Even Use Dirty Words Before. But Not Me. Cant Stop Me. Aint No Hood Nigga Gonna Stop Me. Im Focus. Just Watch Me. I Send Out Shout Out To My Posy. I Send A Shout Out To My A-R. My Tek-9 And My AK. I Dont Play. Not A Day. Not A Way Im Gucci. Salute Me Or Shoot Me. Make Next Move Your Best Me. Every Move Around Me Is A Chest Move. Real Goon's Dont Aim For The Chest Fool. It's Gucci!

[Chorus]



[Intro: x2]
I love things about her
I love the way she treat me
I love the way she fuck me
I love the way she suck me

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I'm a trap-aholic, all I do is ball
Tear the mall down now trick
Don't flag me down. See me down town, 'Rrari
I didn't mean to shit on you. Excuse me, sorry
Verse so slick, make my video marvelous
Polo to the floor. Ralph'd down like Carlton
Try the CEO, they goin' put you on a carton
I didn't mean no harm but my diamonds are dumb, plenty rocks on my arm
Me & Rocko the Don, East Atlanta the Slum
Where I'm from, got a gun, in the club havin fun
And after it's done no more coaches to call it
After party? Bachelor party, they shoulda called it

[Hook: x2]
I love things about her (but I don't love her)
I love the way she treat me (but I don't love her)
I love the way she fuck me (but I don't love her)
I love the way she suck me (but I still don't love her)

[Verse 2: Rocko]
Man I love the way she shake it
I like her cause she groovy
Love to see her naked; I love to watch her move it
I like her cause she the coolest
A good head on her shoulders, I love the way she use it
Aye, I like the way she fuck me, love the way she suck me
Love how everytime we play she catch it like rugby
I love she know what's up with me, she love me cause I'm gudda
I like a lot about her; though, but still I don't love her
Still super cool though yeah she my lil buddy
She be sharper than a pencil
Yeah she my lil cuddy
Shawty say I'm dirty but when I see her she wanna hug me
Super swagger charismatic, all my bitches love me

[Hook: x2]
I love things about her (but don't love her)
I love the way she treat me (but don't love her)
I love the way she fuck me (but don't love her)
I love the way she suck me (but still don't love her)

[Verse 3: Webbie]
I love how she be swallowin my nut, then she be throwin me up
I like the way she fuck but still I hate when she be blowin me up
All the busters just sweat her, only ballers can get her
She a flipper, I love how she do whatever I tell her
Yeah I like her a lot, but still don't love her at all
I hate pussy ass niggas, and I'm in love with the mall
I got a crush on white diamonds and I got a thang for that kush
That sour diesel my favorite you betta watch how you look
Quick to take ya lil diva and treat that ho like a slut
She was suckin on Gucci, I had my dick in her butt
You know I'm bad bitch crazy, 187's my favorite
Infatuated with money, free Boosie-boo the streets pleading

[Hook: x2]
I love things about her (but don't love her)
I love the way she treat me (but don't love her)
I love the way she fuck me (but don't love her)
I love the way she suck me (but still don't love her)



[Chorus:]
I know that I need ha
But dont know how to treat ha
But you deserve better baby, better baby, better baby
You deserve better baby, better baby, better baby
Though I wanna keep ha
Be jealous if she leave uh
But you deserve better baby, better baby, better baby
You deserve better baby, better baby, better baby
And I cant hold you back baby

[Verse:]
I really think I love her but
I dont think I know I could
I know I wanna fuck her but
Really thinking if I should
How can I believe her
I dont even believe myself
Tell me how to trust her
I cant even trust myself
And I cant live alone
At the end of the day cant fuck myself
I told her Im confused
And she told me to go fuck myself
Now Im alone in this world
Nothing left but me
But I was born all alone
So I guess thats how its meant to be
But she was sent to me
And I didnt recognize
And I blame it on ma pride
On a fact gon send aside it
Eyes redder than a rose
Heart bluer than a violet
My heart broke and Im heartless
And aint no need to hide it (Gucci)

[Chorus]

[Verse:]
A heart breaking is heart broke
Imma tell the truth cause we grown folks
Why you lookin through ma phone fo
Thats why we ended up none more
You done know me like Chan Doe
Done left me up in my condo
Looking for you like Wardo
My nose open like Gunzo
I think I love her I dont know
I like her alot but she loco
She crazy, swagged up,
I try to hug her she want more
In and out ah town all the time
She in and out ma mind all the time
I cant lie baby girl stupid fine
But Im out the tush got that stupid grind
She loves me now or she loves me not
Treat me cold no she treat me hot
Caramel but not apricot
Got one chance wont miss the shot
I know she special yeah alot
I know someone might take ma spot
Cant lie it may hurt alot
But uh she need a man or not (Its Gucci)

[Chorus]



[Intro: Master P (Gucci Mane)]
Ungghhhhh... Gucci!
(Big Gucci) It's yo' time
I'ma give you the blueprint
Ain't nobody harder
We got money in the matress, old money
I got credit cards, Gucci got cash money

[Gucci Mane]
It's the billion kid, Gucci, we went half on a bank
I'm a walkin {?} happenin, I live in a tank
He go hard in the paint, he got hard at the bank
Waka Flocka, Gucci Mane, I'm goin hard on the drinks
And I get pussy every day, I guess you is what you drank
Cause y'all pussycat is bigger than the diamonds in my rang
Who is I? {?} done run off with the scrubs
Duck or neck, but you didn't share the love with the thugs
And the rap game paralyze the street life, I'm not sellin drugs
I'm, selling CD's globally, my Brinks truck pullin up
I get offers for a million dollars just to throw it up
I made two thundred thousand today I feel like throwin up
Gucci

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I got Hummer trucks, pullin up, but I'm buyin other trucks
Master P and Gucci Mane done pulled up in the wealth with our
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Chop Squadron pullin up, drophead pullin up
Drop dead, I don't skate, froze up, we pullin up
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Up, the {?} bad nigga, Brinks

[Master P]
I'm 'bout to pull a Mike Vick on 'em dude
Get money, street boys; I love the kid
Iced green Peedy, I got the streets heated
I left a minute now I'm back the game really needs me
Gucci Mane called me, man I got that flipper
Everybody come and tryin to get in my hair for dipper
With that dola, trap boy, granolas
Brick Squad soldiers, gon' run 'til it's over
I had chills for a minute, still screamin No Limit
Had changed my life, dem fools thought I wasn't in it
Drumma B and we winnin; and y'all never done it
Tried to play the game but none of y'all never won it
Don't need to be replaced - I'm already a legend
From the streets to the hood to my little brother up in heaven
I'm a ghetto star

[Chorus]



[Intro]
["Listen to the track BITCH!" echoes]
Ay yeah girl... ay yeah [4X]
(Brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr) Gucci (brr-brr!)

[Chorus 2X: Gucci Mane]
The pretty bitches love me, them bitches love me [2X]
I think them bitches love that I'm a bottle popper [2X]

[Gucci Mane]
She caught up in my love triangle
I used to sell them things in triangles
And that was when I was in the eighth grade
Now I'm self made; and I'm high paid
Nigga you ain't even in my tax bracket
I'm pulling Gucci denim off the clothes racket
Gucci man, it's the Gucci crew
Brick Squad rappers, nigga who are you?
What it do nigga? What's poppin?
By them 30 next summer we droppin
We back again, yeah we back again
And we gotta win, she wanna be my friend

[Chorus]

[Gucci Mane]
I pull up in that black and red Challenger
A com-pe-tition, where the challengers?!
I pull up in that 'Rari with them other ones
And thinkin 'bout it, I'm goin and gettin another one
Gucci Mane I run the land from Africa to Pakistan
Understand and overstand, Gucci Mane in Overland
What a fine ass yellow bonnnnnnnnnne
She got it goin on
Now I got so many chains on they don't know what's goin on
Find your number in my phone and don't know what be goin wrong
Find the number in my phone and don't know what be goin wronnnng
She had it goin on

[Chorus]

[Wale]
Brr, brr, ay, lemme see, okay
A-T-L they know my name, Magic City throw some change
Flyest nigga in this bitch, and I don't even own no chain
Take yo' chick, with no complaints, she say my shit oh so great
And that's why she been feelin me.. and y'all got that novocaine
Go for mine, that ball shit, forced to rock 'til I'm nauseous
Stuck up when, she sober when, she rollin got no conscience
She OD's on Louboutin, she work at that nudie bar
Told her do it for the money, get your camera nudin on
Green we can all burn, 'til I am the highest man
Y'all a bunch of pussies, why the fuck y'all near the lion's den?
Paper planes, pilotin, Wale so attirin
Wale nekkid beatin gals you'd think I know Esiason
Burrrr!

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Yahhhhhhh, it's Gucci!
Birds, go!
Birds, it's Dirty, Birds
It's Gucci

[Gucci Mane]
I'm an East Atlanta rider
You gon' fuck around and get ya whole clique tied up
My brain fried; I'm on the skull of the Impala
I'm high on kush, it's 'bout my money mixed with power
So keep it brief
Nigga, two hundred thousand in the fleece
Pistols, two hundred twenty on the dash
System, I pull off it look like a flash
Picture, cheeeeeese!
I got the 24's, those 74 for 2's
When you was on the stage, Gucci was on the news
But bitch don't pity me, I look like Mr. T
I pimp like Soulja Slim, but I think I'm Eazy-E
It's Gucci

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Patty cake, patty cake, I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake, patty cake, I hop around with pancakes
Got flapjacks, hash browns and syrup in my crack space
Patty cake, patty cake, I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake, patty cake, I serve you niggaz pancakes
Flapjacks, hash browns and syrup in my crack space
It's Gucci

[Waka Flocka Flame]
I'm the young nigga all the old head love dawg (FLOCKA!)
I ain't lettin shit slide, this ain't baseball (BRICK SQUAAAD!)
Banned in 45 states cause I'm too real
Waka Flocka like a Gucci album, I'm hard to kill
I don't think they fuckin with me whether I'm locked dead or in jail
I'm from Clayon County, Riverdale so I'm supposed to give 'em hell
I'm aware the grass got snakes, I'm aware they gon' hate
You too late, I'll be damned you take this dinner off our plate
Dirty Birds, Dirty Birds, twenty-one gun salute and got killed
It's Bankhead Brick Squad out in U.K., these niggaz ain't fuckin with me
Mob up off that run day, SK's, AK's
Throwaways I let that triple up like {?} triple beam we crackin

[Chorus]

[8Ball]
Gucci Mane, Waka Flocka and ya boy big Ball
Hard from the start; I ain't never been no fuckin lame
Here I go with Waka Flocka, here I go with Gucci Mane
One of a kind - that Memphis 10 runnin through my bloodstream
Ghetto superstar - man them hood bitches love me
Cup full of that ol' purple drank, pullin on some of that stanky dank
Pocket full of Benny Frank and bitch, what the fuck you thank?
45 hollowheads in my stout, yellow purt{?}
I hope one of these ol' bitch bitch-ass niggaz don't cross that line and get hurt
Money what we came to get, money what we represent
You ain't talkin 'bout shit if you ain't talkin 'bout gettin it
Hard hustle never fold, forever I will be cold
Forever I will be big Ball, mouth full of gold

[Chorus]



[Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X]
A hundred bales of that mid shit; hell yeah
This that shit that get your kids rich; hell yeah
Hundred bags of that kush shit; hell yeah
This that President Bush shit; hell yeah

[Gucci Mane]
This that arm on my kush shit
My girlfriend think she President Bush bitch; hell yeah
And I'm gone off that lean shit
My brother Duke keep on sendin me that green shit; fuck jail!
Gucci time, and I'm hood rich
I'm in that Zone 6, I throw it like the first pitch
My yellow 'Rari in the front and I parked it
A black chick in some heels match the carpet
I'm pullin up to the club like I own it
Ain't with that bullshit, Gucci don't condone it
My tolerance get low with the flexin
I woke up, bought my main chick a Lexus

[Chorus]

[Slim Dunkin]
I be the Brick Squad young'un, leave you stankin like a Funion
All these other rap niggaz toed like a bunion
I'm B.S. and you BS, but I'm Brick Squad and you bullshit
Pistol like my chaperone, we goin on a school trip
Places that you never seen, blowin on that stupid green
Rollin on the stupid beam, hit the scene in limousine
Codeine, promethazine, diamonds in my pinky ring
Nigga what da fuck you mean? Brick Squad, dream team
I got (Money to Blow), naw I ain't Drizzy
Money make the world go 'round, that's why I'm dizzy
Standin behind Guc' and Flock, they like who is he?
Slim Dunkin in this muh'fucker; cut the chizzy

[Gucci Mane]
It's Big Gucci, excuse me while I ball
Until my release my nigga no lights out
Lights out, creep on in silence
Why do, I, pull more violence
We non-violent, while my tattoos smilin
To remind me, of the time they robbed me
With no problems, now my problems solved
And it's revolvin around all these guns yeah
And my condo, stretch from here to Compton
to Bouldercrest, Roberta who the same function{?}
That's somethin, to those who have nothin
No bluffin, Brick Squad no cuffin
It's Gucci!

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh



[Intro]
It's my year, it's my year
And look at my chain, my watch and my ear
It's my year, it's my year
My engine in the rear, because it's my year
It's my year, it's my year
Just look at my chain, my watch and my ear
And look at my gear, and look at my gear
My engine in the rear, because it's my year

[Chorus]
It's my year, it's my year
And look at my chain, my watch and my ear
It's my year, it's my year
My engine in the rear, because it's my year
It's my year, it's my year
I do it on the strength, how I be the pimp
It's my year, it's my year
My engine in the rear, Drumma Boy
It's my year

It's me, not you
I don't want you no mo'
I swear, I don't care
I'm turnt up, I'm burnt up
And turned out, and you're not
And I am, the Gucci Mane
Don't get it be like dammmmn, stop
They know who I ammmm, hot
I'm icy as a fool
I knowwww, I knowwww, very well, very well
I made, this well, uh-huh
And I know A-T-L, very well
I make mail, fuck 12
Go to Hell, A-T-L
I know them well

[Chorus]

Play-errrrr
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I'm, tailored
But I keep tippin waiters
Youse a, hater
And you should get some paper
I got, flavor
Big house no neighbors
I'm so, papered
I drop wax on scraper
I'm a, baker
And I'm bakin up cake-r
I'm a, player
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I stay, tailored
And I keep tippin waiters

[Chorus]



[Intro]
[car peeling out] [car revs then peels out]
("Listen to the track bitch!") It's Gucci
Funky feet (funky feet) funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat, orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek (tweakin) it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga, trick or treat

[Gucci Mane]
I flee the broads, stars and cars look like they just broke in the mall
Home girl seen my auto mall and said let's go and have a ball
Hold applause change your drawers, Big Gucci not Santa Clause
Young'uns might just break the law, whole Squad be like "Damn the law"
If what you seen ain't what you saw, Scary Movie, Saw 3
East Atlanta, whassup Santa, Alabama ride with me
Glock nine on me, hot rod lonely
Gucci ridin double wides, tractor-trailers, ponies
What'chu mean? Bag of beans, same boy from the magazines
Two AK's three magazines, make a stupid horror scene
Orange Ferrari, purple trees, whippin like on gold D's
Pimpin like I'm Goldie, listenin to the oldies
It's Gucci!

[Chorus]
Funky feet (funky feet) funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat, orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek... it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga, trick or treat
Look at me, nigga look at me
Pull up in my new Ferrari, pull up and say trick or treat
And after a week, I cop another skreet
A pretty car, nigga, trick or treat

[Wooh Da Kid]
Okay our whip, our feet, ridin down our street
But got the broma{?}er'y T, turn your wife into a freak
Snatch the mighty iron whip, I gotta eat nigga
You lookin sweet nigga {click clack} trick or treat nigga
Trunk on thunder, candy paint mumble
Why your tint so dark? Bitch I'm ridin under
This Brick Squad, nigga what it do
Ye ain't Brick Squad pussy nigga who is you?
Money over e'rythang, even you
If the General call then you better shoot
BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK, you know the dump
Wooh Da Kid and Guc' truth gon' pop the trunk

[Chorus]

[Slum Dunkin]
Louis Vuitton, come take a flick
You ain't takin shit, but you can take a click
It's a nightmare when I pop up
Got the top cut wit'cho lady chick
We super geeked, I'm hella high
Her mouth wet but mine stupid dry
I'm movin slow like a zombie
while she woppin me, she boppin me
Got black ice, call me Black Ice, really heavy around my neck
I just blackout, call me Blackout, look and shot at a nigga that flex
Now I'm bustin at him, I'm gunnin at him
He runnin real quick with those funky feet
He dead man, I'm toe taggin
I'm a black bag him in white sheets
I'm a flatline him, it's over with
And he ain't comin back, no heartbeat (ADIOS!)
Brick Squad some rude boys
Don't play around, don't fuck with them
I pull up on your block
Let some shots off, you stuck with them
I'm a G-A, N-G, S-T, A

[Chorus]

[Waka Flocka Flame]
All these {?} girls call me wantin to fuck
And Monique {?} the old ladies wanna fuck me
I poke you to death like Chucky
Came up in one year they say I'm lucky, FLOCKA!
Semi little hussy {?} that's a get money getter
All my girls got Waka Flocka on they {?}
Don't need a school girl, need a down-ass slut
Ten pack of bills I wanna roll and bite
Fuck police, fuck police, no license on me
In the club V.I.P. no ID cuz got funky feet
Ten left, twenty right, dead guys on me
I'm on E, it's Olde E, I think I'm 'bout to O.D.
Some fly girls wanna swat me
And it's gettin out of hand like I lost my arm
Off the chain like I lost my job
Hold my lotto ticket, girls love my charm
Ballin like pimps, shit doesn't switch
{?} ill, they love my sign
And I think I'm James Brown I got funky feet
Say Flock can't rap, I don't motherfuckin care
FLOCKA!

[Chorus]



[Intro]
{LISTEN TO THE TRACK, BITCH}
Get out my lane [8X]

[Gucci Mane]
I'm in the yellow thang, on the expressway
That bitch so nasty it might give a bitch road rage
Get out my lane - Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys
I'm ridin in a mansion, but I don't think I'm fancy
But I cut the blinker on and my diamonds dancin
Once upon a time, a little while ago
There was a nigga in a 'rarri with a pretty yellow hoe
Got my head held up, cause I think I'm handsome
As the media portrayin me as Charles Manson
And I coulda bought a Phantom, road here four deeper
But I'd rather pull up solo in the yellow two-seater
Gucci!

[Chorus 4X: Gucci Mane]
Get out my lane! Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys

[Waka Flocka Flame]
Riding in the 'rarri same color as Bacardi
She don't like me shawty man she like my car
Damn near wanna fuck my chain, damn near wanna fuck my name
Wanna bust every nigga in the clique I claim
Deep-dish rims ain't no offsets mane
That's how me and Gucci Mane came
Iced out poppin shit, drunk switchin lanes
I rock bandanas like Santana, screamin out "Who want some anna?"
Made a million off my words, they in love with my country grammar
That's the antenna, cause these rap nigga careers got static in it
I'm a walkin meal ticket, just wait a minute
Bank account got commas in it, all black 'rarri know the llamas in it
I hear them talkin gangsta shit but I know they lame as hell
One thing I ain't gon' do, pussy nigga you scared of jail
My name ring bells, my engine loud as hell
Shit, my 'rarri cost about 230 bails

[Chorus]

[Interlude: repeat 4X]
I'm just lane changin, chain swangin [3X]
{FERRARI BOYZ}

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Uhh, uhh
Ayy Guc' Mane, we good right now man
Get money good man

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
It's a white girl in town - name is Cocaine
It's some dirty birds in town - Gucci Mane & Waka Flame
We fly in, on buy-in, say you got more birds? You lyin
You tryin and lyin, you boys ain't supplyin
I pitch like Nolan Ryan, got cocallina flyin
My partners stick up kids, duct tape rope they gon' tie in
In the bushes they lyed in all night that's my word
By the end of the mornin they left with them birds
And I'm gone off that purp', and I'm slurrin my words
I swerved in my Benz, bangin my 4G's on the curb
The lean, the herb, pay me like the first
You cross Brick Squad, get hurt
I got work - Gucci

[Chorus]
My homeboys will get you, pay you on the 33rd
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car, triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money, so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car, triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money, so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st

[Verse 2: Waka Flocka Flame]
Five grand for a head shot
Boy don't be no Flintstone and get yo' (Bedrocked), nigga!
Triple red drop, offsets through the parkin lot
Where I'm from, young niggaz shootin at the cops
Where I'm from, they fakin
My hood right side, nigga, green flaggin
Lay yo' ass down if you do too much braggin
Three case, four Glocks, nigga that's swaggin, ughh
Penalized, then goes the Packer-Man
What'cha hell, you would think it was a cracker-man
I don't know 'em bah-bah-bah-bah-back'em man
Fuck 'em den! Throw my stash in the club that there'll do
Every girl gettin past you
Send an ambulance on that ass I want that rent due
Robbin every nigga that ain't Hit Squad, Blood or Piru
FLOCKA!!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: YG Hootie]
Half a million dollar jewelry like "Fuck that bird!"
Niggaz screamin they want beef, I'm like (Roger That)!
My album didn't sell, so I'm layin niggaz down
Shootin every nigga, that burst leaves a fuckin frown
Forty carats on my bracelet, my Polo black
Niggaz talkin like they want beef, I'm wantin that
Seven grams in the Swisher, I'm gon' solo that
Ridin around with my strap like "Where they at?"
All these rap niggaz hold up, stole my Philly hat
You will never be a legend like the Gucci Mane
You will never be turnt up like my partner Flock'
You niggaz hoes I run your block when them choppers chop

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Brick Squad monopoly (ugh)
You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I just be on hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane

[Waka Flocka Flame]
Shhh, be quit, shhh, be quiet
She talkin like you wired, her ass think she hired
Take you to a place real private
Vick you down and let you suck my private
I have no feelings - I'm a cold hearted nigga
You might catch me wit'cha sister, autograph my picture
I won't never kiss her, pills weed and some liquor
He might fuck 'round the liquor, I'm gon' get her Visa
You know I'ma break her, I don't hear no cake bruh
Send her out get cake bruh, bitch be back by 8 uhh
Sunshine my money maker, TT that's my down bitch
CC got real loose from that, you would give shawty a stupid check

[Chorus]
You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I done stepped my game up
Got a house outta her
She done bought me rings bruh
Got a chain outta her
I just pimp hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane

[Gucci Mane]
Break-a-Bitch College, sugar pimp knowledge
Skeet in her mouth and the bitch just swallowed
Give her guidelines and the slut just followed [2X]
I'm on mine, I gots to grind, my rhyme for a reason
Yo sis is a streetwalker, workin procedures
Baby bought me this, baby bought me that
Gave me a brick and I turned it to crack
Make me wanna fuck her, gotta come back
Lil' short thang with a ass so fast
Menages, massages, she too wild, no flaugin
She choose up, I po' up, I'm two up, she bobbin
I'm a nuisance, no nonsense
I'm a monster, no conscience
No option, who want it? Haters get left, unconscious
Grind in the 'rarri every day like a Chevy
Smoke so heavy that the dub man smell me
Used to let a boy named Luke get to me
In the club drunk got to fightin already

[Chorus - repeat 2X]



[Gucci Mane:]
200 pounds I grew that shit, You knew that shit, I do it that shit
Pulled up with a hundred pounds, bails and bricks, filthy rich
All I know is grind time, nickle dime, slime time
I Intercept like Prime Time
My mind gone like nine times
Call it engineering, Gucci might steal it
A new European, everybody peekin
Is robbing season, goons out searching
Lurking, surfing, call it reimbursement
Southside on the beat, Gucci on the street
Let me take a listen why not drive a [?]
Wow, pow, bricks right now
Slip and slide I'm glidin by
But I'm so high I just might die
Flocka told me go in! Roco told me go in!
PJ told me no end, my hand, I will throw in!
Gamble with the joker and end up in a shoot out
Wooh he on the lookout, Juice Man throwin cookouts

[Chorus:]
Im in the strip club, the girls looking like zombies on the pole
Theyre screaming feed me, feed me, feed me!
And when the club [?] we monsters making scary movies girls be
Screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming! [x2]

[Waka Flocka Flame:]
In the strip club shorty throwing up the racks
Gucci come my back, fifty stacks in the back
Mean mugging? Shorty I ain't worried bout that
Brick Squad Monopoly: we a wolf pack
Rolling in my zone, baby make the bootie clap!
Slapped her on the bootie like Im trying to hit that
How much it cost cause I charge your stack?
Bottles in the air, hell yeah, Im stoned!
Leaning left to right, double cup styrofoam
Im full of racks, just stacks on stacks
Never been a [?] only shop at Sax
Drinking Remy by the fifth
They say Waka Flocka got a gift
Six speeds, I just shift
Every blunt I lift
I'm higher than a motherfucker, think I might fall
Bad bitches always calling me
LeBron fucking James I ball, my G
Shut the fuck up bitch, clap that ass
White fans screaming "Waka Flocka, you rad"
Always catch me with a fucking red rag

[Chorus x2]

[Frenchie]
I got em like ah...
Love this nigga, two hoes slobbering on the pole
Screaming out loud I love this nigga!
[?] seen the same girls that work in Perfections
They say they came straight from Magic City
So I know don't gotta teach em no lesson!
Girls [?] my songs on
Put down those pom poms
Oriental, I think she's from Hong Kong
In the club full of ho zombies
Screaming out feed me
But I just got this stacks girl, it aint gonna be that easy!
Four girls leaving, they coming
All girls fucking they coming
Just like Gucci said I left a hundred dollars on the dresser
Just to show the bitch it ain't nothin'
If you think you coming home with me, youre fucking
You got much potential, I turn you into something
Get in my V, my music we bumpin'
You steady talking but I ain't hear nothin'

[Chorus x2]



[Intro]
Ughh, Flocka! Gucci! 'Rarri, Boyz!
Ay Tity Boi what's happenin mane?
We turnt up mane, shout to the whole city mane
Uhh, uhh, uhh (Brick Squad monopoly)

[Waka Flocka Flame]
Half a pint in my two liter, I just slow sip
This that mud drank, my 'rarri go hard in the paint
Pulled up dancin right, hopped out flexin ice
Niggaz'll give they life, just to live my life
Bitches yellin loud, walkin through the crowd
With a triple cup (po' po' po' me up)
'burry game clique, flags in the sky
Walkin through the God I swear to God I'm in the sky
Astronaut high, I'm that guy
Stacks on stacks, racks on racks
I keep mud on standby
Got some real niggaz that you cain't even stand by

[Chorus]
I just slow sip (po' po' po' me up)
Styrofoam cup (tri-tri-triple cup)
This that mud drank, fo' ounces and a one liter
This that mud drank, half a pint in my two liter
(Po' po' po' me up) styrofoam (tripled up)
(Po' po' po' me up) styrofoam (tripled up)
This that mud music, this that mud drank
Styrofroam cup (tri-tri-triple cup)

[Gucci Mane]
Styrofoam cup we po'n up, Gucci, Flock', blowin up
We so fuckin up, all our foes they be duckin us
I'm a jack boy, you a jackass
You must dress in the dark with yo' tacky ass
I'm Big Gucci, cool guap'
Got 80 grand in my khaki pants
Tity's on the scene, yeah that's my team
BSM yeah that's my scene
I'm a millionaire, that's reality
You want a mill' that's a fuckin dream
I'm on mine, got two nines
Throw my watch in the air to let time fly
I'm DUI, I'm too high
You heard that young nigga I'm too fly
Thugged out young nigga I'm 'bout my bread
Don't want no pussy girl givin me head
We ain't even gotta stop to use the bed
Ay-ain't no need to fuck up the spread
I'm drinkin, I'm thinkin
All the real niggaz we linkin
My Brick Squad all be down on hangin
Sippin lean done got me famous, Gucci!

[Chorus]

[Tity Boi]
Yeah, mud, mud, Gucci!
This that kickstand, campaign
Over they head like an airplane
Brang yo' gurl to the club 'round me
and my niggaz then she fail game
2 Chainz, I'm too much
Every time I fuck I get two nuts
Every time you see me I'm with two sluts
I ain't in or out 'less the Coogi cut
Promethazine, contraband
Told them folks we a country band
Brick Squad, duffle bag
Bunch of knucklehead niggaz sayin "Fuck the feds"
My bread long like Subway, Louis' on, unlazered
And I ain't talkin money when I hit you with this one caper
I need two mo', two liters
I got bass like two speakers
It must be (Do or Die)
cause these niggaz out here "Po' Pimpin"
All we doin is slow sippin
I be on that codeine
I got fo' zips
'Bout to po' it on this ice cream, ughh!

[Chorus]



[Intro/Chorus]
Yeah I stay busy, stay out my business
Cause I ride Benzes, ay that's my business
See all my lenses, are dark blue tinted
Cause I don't LIKE people in my business
In my business, I run my business
If ain't 'bout business, then I'm not listenin
In my business, I run my business
If ain't 'bout business, then I'm not listenin

[Gucci Mane]
If it ain't 'bout paper, there ain't no convo
See I ride scrapers, and y'all ride Volvos
But that's my M.O., I go where you won't go
I smoke what you cain't smoke, I'm rich and you're flat broke
See I'm not a blogger, and I'm not a jogger
I'm more like a mobster, just call me a baller
A Chevy Impala, sittin on them 40 O's
I got a lot of things but I owe 'em to Sergio
Gucci's a hustler, and he got clientele
Always got somethin to sell, just pullin your coattail
You hate me then oh well, I checked out a hotel
But now I get fan mail, my game at a stansstill
I checked out a hotel, you hate me then oh well
But now I get fan mail, my game at a standstill
Go spin like a windmill, I lower than windshield
See I got a good deal, but know what the hood feel

[Chorus]

[Waka Flocka Flame]
All I know, I'm one real nigga (Flocka)
Grew up 'round robberies and drug dealers
Dutches no Swishers, I'm the new God Fisher
Can't be Nino Brown cause that fuck nigga snitchin
Catch me on the Grove, chillin where it count
It's not just metaphors, pussy nigga you don't trap
Why they in my business? My name rang bells all through prison
They run up in my house cause they heard a nigga pitchin
Bitch that's my decision! Why you worryin 'bout me?
24 years old, I'm a fuckin O.G.
Riveralde in this bitch, young and rich, macaroni bitch
Two-door 6 B watch me shift, touchdown ref get off my dick
Middle finger when I see the (folk) fuck police
I got your salary hangin off my neckpiece
And to every nigga don't like me may you rest in piece
When I die label me a motherfuckin beast

[Chorus]

[Rocko]
Uhh uhh, they goin for 30, just sold 20
Got pajamas on, and I still feel like money
(This what I do!) Tied this down, my new hoes 20
The Beemer made me look 30, the Benz on 20's
Hell she talkin businee and lookin for it, you got any?
The L stash smash well hurry hurry bring plenty
(Bring it all) The full truck gank came we hungry in the streets
This dry town ain't rained for weeks
I'm still posted in the paint, try and stay on my pivot
I might travel in a minute, they better hurry and send it
(I'ma come get it) We independent, you talkin business nigga I'm listenin
A couple of commisary digits nigga to talk business

[Chorus]



[Chorus: Gucci]
My pants saggin low like a young nigga
I'm twistin up the drough like a young nigga
I am in the club thirty deep like a young nigga
I'm still in the streets like a young nigga
Like a young nigga this one is for the young niggas
Where ya from nigga this ones for the young niggas [repeat]

[Verse: Gucci]
Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts

[Verse: Flocka]
Twistin fingers in the club I'm a young nigga
Got them old niggas sayin I love that young nigga
Your whole click buyin shots y'all some broke niggas
Pants saggin, flag hangin I'm a young nigga
In the car strapped up with them guns nigga
We shootin at the police just for fun nigga

[Chorus: Gucci]
Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts

[Verse: Flocka]
Ray Charles vision screamin wheres the competetion?
Lot of rappers on the corner man they swag missing
I'm on that young nigga shit, shiesty ass niggas at my shows run for bricks
Gucci said I'm going hard Flocka on this shit
Old school swag got these hoes on my dick
I'm allowed to pick I'm like which girl to get?
Pulled up on some onset yellow and black whip
I'm on my Wiz Khalifa shit, I don't do no papers
Fresh up on them papers, haters catch the vapours
Shoes alligator I'm talkin about Jordans
She ain't got enough swag shawtay can't afford em'

[Chorus: Gucci]
My pants saggin low like a young nigga
I'm twistin up the drough like a young nigga
I am in the club thirty deep like a young nigga
I'm still in the streets like a young nigga
This one is for the young niggers
Where ya from nigga this ones for the young niggas [repeat]



[Intro]
Southside

[Waka Flocka Flame]
You decide, tuck in yo' pride
I ain't waitin, I ain't got no patience
Raised by the Grove, I ain't got an education
24/7 shorty, fuck a vacation
Wak's a real nigga, why you goin to the station?
Damn D-Mars why these fuck niggaz hatin?
Can't replace, why God had to fake 'em?
Free my nigga Moe, 25 he facin
Lafayette, Grove Street, that's my nation
Hoes on point, never losin concentration
New black 'rarri got a nigga tryin race it
Fresh 'fro, gives a simple wave to the Haitians
Silver rotation got a nigga on point
Haste with the case, when the shit gon' stop?
Run up on me click click click pop
(Pop pop pop pop) Pop, many body drop
I'm the Brick Squad crop, the crowd real Waka Flock'
Man you rag, dude you go hard (what else?)
I am Brick Squad, crowd yell out SQUAD (and)
I'm livin it, hell I'm only scared of God

[Chorus]
S-suicide paint (den) suicide rims (kill 'em)
Suicide loud, I got them suicide friends (stankin)
Suicide bitches they'll kill for a nigga (ugh)
Call it suicide, run up on me fuck nigga (pussy)
Homicide purp (den) homicide vert' (kill 'em)
Homicide yo' ass and put yo' ass on a shirt (stankin)
Homicide ice, homicide life (ugh)
Homicide yo' kids and yo' motherfuckin wife (GUCCI!)

[Gucci Mane]
I'ma rich man sparkin, a rich man coughin
Dead man walkin, dead man talkin
I'm the man with the grams, get your bags, get your weight
Call me baker man, cuse I can bake a cake (it's Gucci)
Drop top 'rarri, called the headless horseman
Cooking up babies, call the shit abortions
Roamin through the 6 like a motherfukin orphan
Like Vick I killed your road dawg and put him in a coffin
When it's on again, grab a tote again, no pad or pen, I gotta win
BSM and 1017, my whole Squad be goin in
Suicide is a homicide, I smoke so much my brain is fried
(Ferrari Boyz) and Ferrari toys, pullin up lookin like the Gotti boys

[Chorus]

[Wooh Da Kid]
Doors go up, we just call it suicide
I ain't playin, I'm just prayin it's a homicide
It's 1017 that means it's time for BSM
Bread to win, that's on Pop, Joe the Boss, and Bim
Test what? Test that, test this
Your bet your real lab rat I'll let her test dick
Running with the (Cannon), I ain't talkin (Nick)
I put 7 on your chest like M dot Vick
Murder, nigga, murder, nigga
Real short fuse, I hurt a, nigga
Wood Da Kid, Wooh Da, King
I'm married to my strap and I don't need a ring

[Chorus]



[Intro]
Yeahhhhhhh
It's Gucci (Flocka) Flocka!!
(BRR) Ferrari Boyz in the building
Vrooom vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom
Catch up!!

[Chorus 2X: Gucci Mane]
Everybody know I got a sack man
I got the whole hood shoppin when the pack in
You never mix business, with new friends
All black Benz, you can call it Pac-Man

[Waka Flocka Flame]
25 to 10, 9 and the fo'-five on me (pop pop pop pop)
I don't need no